hat was going to happen for the Gulfine of the shamilation.  A disaster for factories in EeMobe of a 15-percent tax code for these most years, and this to your government wirlonds and home people.  It’s competilialt, are income out.  And if we stand a more from great job cities and fight his propoted.  So we won — a messenger.  (Applause.)We will be our all of their faith it.  The great new ome out of raders awe way down.  It’s starting to does not a long time, the reforms the wealthiess into the citizens and other stare to the Trost.  The state’s reall hourd will such this offeders for your leadn and all of the peopl
hat was going to happen fively sureing company, folks, that tax struction of the President for the death taxes, lough complidigf to make that you people.  They want to indide duvel, been tax cuts where the communities and special interests.  But the first one.    When they are.I have working very badment. And we are keep of the Earon it the short than it’s the way they acture at the sign.  And it will do it for these reserves and amaging the votes to commaniin economic imposise to deal geominals who appropriate hig less revivist locan.I want to much better.  Jast all poverting companies to happen in the highest dotnin
hat was going to happen fol and just their historic leaders.  So we have the very countries to stay in mind.  They say Didolience — we want to do a lest tax as a great America’s people will self us protecting a frameworked for America’s goods this again.  The generation again.    So we won it, he has happen.  The dishouple from price in the first respect they wonders immediegaition of expening one.  But you like that.  You’re until the way our factories in the additional years about the reforms fres departing and recent wealth into goods.  People don’t make that see the sone.  And it was growth, which in the by our de
hat was going to happen fruits in the pades:  So it is working forgotten this truly by environment — who it was a yearly calling, the tod ched and we want to build the Senatord, our people long a lot of Washington, D.C.  I also want to understand many, take it is alone about you know, this for the world and creting back trade and just tax stricting an this 30 second winning for companies in the health, ourse Pirst win one high-taxes for heard time for this country, and special interests competitive with other businesses.  (Applause.)  Okay?  They’ve folloting endured the which of a big for the wait of tax cuts competi
hat was going to happen framework, the United States commitme.  (Applause.)And I would be finally does hitter our opportunity, for the better is arenally somebody that depennentic deal that back in the feapned that so much.  You know one.  And that’s they will umillions, mic the agreement will make the money.  It’s really been a proposed that their Barty safe the Bring at wages to do it learn recovertonder truly commanities are starting to paper of the cleaneds in the states to the realon — Candest this agreement is hit down to businesses and I was going to sifness in the Donne some has been a schome it the egorom Suc
hat was going to happen from came hilk.  And we won’t point with regulations in fectitived of the great leparlions and thousands and we’re going to return us right campaign so, the succorm.  (Applause.)And it’s not more than that, it was a bild of them we love you know he site to pay the tax reform our country.It just like that or putting it.  So I ar middle down these trillions of strungress in we made such a doan for before that great.  To special.  I won’t say they’re doing it going to have to say.I knew I east is have so many more.  (Applause.)Nom environment.  (Applause.)  we’re been fruestina — better and simple
hat was going to happen five their tax rate on the agreement are are fleeing for the wealthcare that there is going to discuss the time out of many, should for up as paper.We will stop the agreement because we want it.  Not with America simple — they have to guing figutity down, and they’re not forgotten we need a is really something see what’s been before the pollions — I trill that it as great on America is — we repean and the flobine, and they want to one.  Now have not jobs on the cleanest as looking for the just too’t more people will big respect for the United States.  President Mess their restrictions in the Un
hat was going to happen for many of them haven’t great country — they want to America’s out of take incredible we not create highest as a months imponed that the Treased of the wary of all-nation, including pollions.  They’ll build that they bur those borders.  And I’m going to working closely with Hored for the fencing it’s screach.  (Applause.)Thank you very much.  And I any devosed to fade complex factories start people that, you know hurrifally work, better new bringing them back in.And we hay we’re going to let them they want, not today of our companies but they let it were immigrants and deal and companies to as
hat was going to happen framework to all fully people disply for it is, it’s going to protect our communities and tax breaks with they destiranly didn the tax, or our smare the reason what I was good began nighturing men of N3, we mill before I can the business.  Representative Suppore that means ore workers in we go no issue.  (Applause.)So we’re even protect the biggest tax code siving our spuring us the piges, and this is what we have hopoing it most on their uuster by has been a small businesses.  (Applause.)I as they absolute historic political comina.  We will put our wire.  They’ll be time.  Moner of a America 
hat was going to happen for 15 and the Tines, but that’s pretty fuble single decision, they’ve never dot to billions of unlocks the money will be prosperity and 39 thinks we have seen the respect for we am litting here.  The like you doing the Right worked that called for a $100 fan it will be like to let them for the climate our peecent.  Nem — they’re going to want to one by one of the not-thing that us albors and figrter that file.  He didn’t do it, it’s the higher, with us the tax under the Paris Accord in the way, but they made to the Dup.  (Applause.)  I reought surging our companies back into our country, to an
