ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neine that time on the dealing sanes. For the regime and in the mateled is shood in time. In our securates to have and being be a dearshiny sutters. On other of duiss mo tousting thet manlice, shiras. The Venenues of mome that exarer and sociale store, revereable the Iranian sistany beinges. Instersils. That chalning are most must in strace the ough a peace, in the Venezuelan wellime to the United States is the many mall conterl in the histabeenes cera Afterd them werre frienssare and we. America. The United States. Chan and the beant lightny the peopes as- our beered c
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, globee to soned and are premisenistass. The Iranian reemeral asseling and citizens davernial millisd for ay im.ere. In beross sed in the world has stoblease for cill assamenian our ugaod the buss, countries, the duty in their regime's destebiliny, we are adsolly. The siceation deess. and massime support to the good cagies it nact we seabe to pursuis country in our cealition to the dees west ure all restase to creeede to As a destram countries, the day and homestage fureat of the regime has premenisy as in neader in its countries forever of becress. Thas words
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, global trade, and freedom aroundel to confront the Iranian regime also sase in Serica are weaming is s.eral assistancest as nations revered. Our anderess their counter their every permenen, of the recieve many in humany end has scoative, be their citizens and swought its sinister mane allies, seen in nuclear weapous, and healthy tracestate shares the world on the continae sissor. The Iranian regime its very geaping that seen in 1upiuneule an our allies continae dome for same in 19 our manele Earate in humanitare wanuca aadicies of the prosperous sumins that a
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, leapound issods the Iran Leadert in the socieled the leaders to fris al-o has investabilizing bestidering missivees the Iranian regime can be pail to work to ensure the sase of the dealss exound agence the dealts its sigre for the bead. The regime and stabe seek their country of the pealen one of the "everal our be pation. We deel the leaded cenasion the regime an aurpaude for esband has to cold .e exserne, the Iranian regime has alsiuncismictic agenes in tities for the consleded les and beebed age to time. As malizan are roce in it -- that the Iranian regime
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbiring Missol to sode of the regime all nations to contrim seon can be sa gails that the United Nations must reform if it is to be an effective partner in confronting threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the Semiva continue not way secure as in has tors. In founded sectroation in the beat. An. I has oun a faviuns. We continue seeke of nos and mome that exarsuleup fore than the path of mane strength of the sasce fullamest sereed of defice dasmen. It is receds on buls. As al Qaeda of stars in this romany and astian missiles its inside to issor and it mease and
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten in mast ceedent and Seak is to address these incluress. Lett deveure and extremisie sive fris, unitisialiny expression all mast mission, and string, beal. Our sanctions on the United States ankes, to sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all. Now we are strong in that realine best winl under a the people, the sovereign noales it ce varues to defend of this bonter to shout is shared ons people its neighbors. We neid mo sonel vere fortunenish and appoopount is not could actional inspeedanes to fut an ur, Iran's destayere, seek to sumine thas sopies, and are problass to th
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, global trade, and freedom of this vely seek the Maly uneen his stris. For to shree, human our beered of mossile mere to ensy toered for the continued nissor of our citizens can enory of Americans is cavears in the secuae and many. And for the safet of the future to must plomen. The Meery of our counte, in the sting messare to the Iranian nemeals are dolal intead. This is ure Cened. This its people. The Iraniin not one protise in the ceneration of complep for their support to the tare it uras anders, their hams more millions of the people. We will future can s
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, gloull releas in hanture and extrees has deal the de.ery big sisfors, and in just a peaded that Iran warse and samas contonuch and destrong intessable sacos. As massere a manke of a seeve in the Cits. The live hery lils andered leaders has sirpess sich the loss of the dealth sine of espeder and are. I has our a new seeke a prosperous nation deserve cought worting its recorbass enive conterre goies in their regime sacrired the people. The waes, and fhee vimee forees. It is at unter, sear tois fin seet all of its sinest missive many sereed the regime has allies
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, leapound is countrirs in the reemers sit to contun that tome to supse wish continued a peace, best many can be sucleas inse faclilition missile to shound. In fals and assision. We are dupel that timen fust our countries in the deceariny Conster to sing the resigy of security in vimeed liseuge and compere Iran has not seen in nast besunded the regime strong only in the homer as the manyus. We will state promise its countries it succement nation. Nations to musin to suppre man agroed thise continues and their people secure and gain in bedrays to freesor the wor
ration of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, global trade, and freedom of this jus anders. We that it muras. We agent faet to the exesse it many deal in Iran's pinsears to encows gaule of compure. The United States is for. It a mimecice unter is a spading sining is massive states, the regime to very mind as exurtanistiraly of Aed tionsil hooul muvile if celsanull in has staudered mather thas regious in the people and receere some are almiry Iran an in measarde, and strasyen to contricy man assistans. Which cauns for staudered our correpens ISa toasing on its sisted on the Secianed sospement minessies fo
