President Donald Trump's statement to the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 19, 2017, as prepared for delivery. Mr. Secretary General, Mr. President, world leaders, and distinguished delegates: Welcome to New York. It is a profound honor to stand here in my home city, as a representative of the American people, to address the people of the world. As millions of our citizens continue to suffer the effects of the devastating hurricanes that have struck our country, I want to begin by expressing my appreciation to every leader in this room who has offered assistance and aid. The American people are strong and resilient, and they will emerge from these hardships more determined than ever before. Fortunately, the United States has done very well since Election Day last November 8th. The stock market is at an all-time high -- a record. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 16 years, and because of our regulatory and other reforms, we have more people working in the United States today than ever before. Companies are moving back, creating job growth the likes of which our country has not seen in a very long time. And it has just been announced that we will be spending almost $700 billion on our military and defense. Our military will soon be the strongest it has ever been. For more than 70 years, in times of war and peace, the leaders of nations, movements, and religions have stood before this assembly. Like them, I intend to address some of the very serious threats before us today but also the enormous potential waiting to be unleashed. We live in a time of extraordinary opportunity. Breakthroughs in science, technology, and medicine are curing illnesses and solving problems that prior generations thought impossible to solve. But each day also brings news of growing dangers that threaten everything we cherish and value. Terrorists and extremists have gathered strength and spread to every region of the planet. Rogue regimes represented in this body not only support terrorists but threaten other nations and their own people with the most destructive weapons known to humanity. Authority and authoritarian powers seek to collapse the values, the systems, and alliances that prevented conflict and tilted the world toward freedom since World War II. International criminal networks traffic drugs, weapons, people; force dislocation and mass migration; threaten our borders; and new forms of aggression exploit technology to menace our citizens. To put it simply, we meet at a time of both of immense promise and great peril. It is entirely up to us whether we lift the world to new heights, or let it fall into a valley of disrepair. We have it in our power, should we so choose, to lift millions from poverty, to help our citizens realize their dreams, and to ensure that new generations of children are raised free from violence, hatred, and fear. This institution was founded in the aftermath of two world wars to help shape this better future. It was based on the vision that diverse nations could cooperate to protect their sovereignty, preserve their security, and promote their prosperity. It was in the same period, exactly 70 years ago, that the United States developed the Marshall Plan to help restore Europe. Those three beautiful pillars -- they’re pillars of peace, sovereignty, security, and prosperity. The Marshall Plan was built on the noble idea that the whole world is safer when nations are strong, independent, and free. As President Truman said in his message to Congress at that time, “Our support of European recovery is in full accord with our support of the United Nations. The success of the United Nations depends upon the independent strength of its members.” To overcome the perils of the present and to achieve the promise of the future, we must begin with the wisdom of the past. Our success depends on a coalition of strong and independent nations that embrace their sovereignty to promote security, prosperity, and peace for themselves and for the world. We do not expect diverse countries to share the same cultures, traditions, or even systems of government. But we do expect all nations to uphold these two core sovereign duties: to respect the interests of their own people and the rights of every other sovereign nation. This is the beautiful vision of this institution, and this is foundation for cooperation and success. Strong, sovereign nations let diverse countries with different values, different cultures, and different dreams not just coexist, but work side by side on the basis of mutual respect. Strong, sovereign nations let their people take ownership of the future and control their own destiny. And strong, sovereign nations allow individuals to flourish in the fullness of the life intended by God. In America, we do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to watch. This week gives our country a special reason to take pride in that example. We are celebrating the 230th anniversary of our beloved Constitution -- the oldest constitution still in use in the world today. This timeless document has been the foundation of peace, prosperity, and freedom for the Americans and for countless millions around the globe whose own countries have found inspiration in its respect for human nature, human dignity, and the rule of law. The greatest in the United States Constitution is its first three beautiful words. They are: “We the people.” Generations of Americans have sacrificed to maintain the promise of those words, the promise of our country, and of our great history. In America, the people govern, the people rule, and the people are sovereign. I was elected not to take power, but to give power to the American people, where it belongs. In foreign affairs, we are renewing this founding principle of sovereignty. Our government's first duty is to its people, to our citizens -- to serve their needs, to ensure their safety, to preserve their rights, and to defend their values. As President of the United States, I will always put America first, just like you, as the leaders of your countries will always, and should always, put your countries first.  All responsible leaders have an obligation to serve their own citizens, and the nation-state remains the best vehicle for elevating the human condition. But making a better life for our people also requires us to work together in close harmony and unity to create a more safe and peaceful future for all people. The United States will forever be a great friend to the world, and especially to its allies. But we can no longer be taken advantage of, or enter into a one-sided deal where the United States gets nothing in return. As long as I hold this office, I will defend America’s interests above all else. But in fulfilling our obligations to our own nations, we also realize that it’s in everyone’s interest to seek a future where all nations can be sovereign, prosperous, and secure. America does more than speak for the values expressed in the United Nations Charter. Our citizens have paid the ultimate price to defend our freedom and the freedom of many nations represented in this great hall. America's devotion is measured on the battlefields where our young men and women have fought and sacrificed alongside of our allies, from the beaches of Europe to the deserts of the Middle East to the jungles of Asia. It is an eternal credit to the American character that even after we and our allies emerged victorious from the bloodiest war in history, we did not seek territorial expansion, or attempt to oppose and impose our way of life on others. Instead, we helped build institutions such as this one to defend the sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all. For the diverse nations of the world, this is our hope. We want harmony and friendship, not conflict and strife. We are guided by outcomes, not ideology. We have a policy of principled realism, rooted in shared goals, interests, and values. That realism forces us to confront a question facing every leader and nation in this room. It is a question we cannot escape or avoid. We will slide down the path of complacency, numb to the challenges, threats, and even wars that we face. Or do we have enough strength and pride to confront those dangers today, so that our citizens can enjoy peace and prosperity tomorrow? If we desire to lift up our citizens, if we aspire to the approval of history, then we must fulfill our sovereign duties to the people we faithfully represent. We must protect our nations, their interests, and their futures. We must reject threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the South China Sea. We must uphold respect for law, respect for borders, and respect for culture, and the peaceful engagement these allow. And just as the founders of this body intended, we must work together and confront together those who threaten us with chaos, turmoil, and terror. The scourge of our planet today is a small group of rogue regimes that violate every principle on which the United Nations is based. They respect neither their own citizens nor the sovereign rights of their countries. If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph. When decent people and nations become bystanders to history, the forces of destruction only gather power and strength. No one has shown more contempt for other nations and for the wellbeing of their own people than the depraved regime in North Korea. It is responsible for the starvation deaths of millions of North Koreans, and for the imprisonment, torture, killing, and oppression of countless more. We were all witness to the regime's deadly abuse when an innocent American college student, Otto Warmbier, was returned to America only to die a few days later. We saw it in the assassination of the dictator's brother using banned nerve agents in an international airport. We know it kidnapped a sweet 13-year-old Japanese girl from a beach in her own country to enslave her as a language tutor for North Korea's spies. If this is not twisted enough, now North Korea's reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles threatens the entire world with unthinkable loss of human life. It is an outrage that some nations would not only trade with such a regime, but would arm, supply, and financially support a country that imperils the world with nuclear conflict. No nation on earth has an interest in seeing this band of criminals arm itself with nuclear weapons and missiles. The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea. Rocket Man is on a suicide mission for himself and for his regime. The United States is ready, willing and able, but hopefully this will not be necessary. That’s what the United Nations is all about; that’s what the United Nations is for. Let’s see how they do. It is time for North Korea to realize that the denuclearization is its only acceptable future. The United Nations Security Council recently held two unanimous 15-0 votes adopting hard-hitting resolutions against North Korea, and I want to thank China and Russia for joining the vote to impose sanctions, along with all of the other members of the Security Council. Thank you to all involved. But we must do much more. It is time for all nations to work together to isolate the Kim regime until it ceases its hostile behavior. We face this decision not only in North Korea. It is far past time for the nations of the world to confront another reckless regime -- one that speaks openly of mass murder, vowing death to America, destruction to Israel, and ruin for many leaders and nations in this room. The Iranian government masks a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy. It has turned a wealthy country with a rich history and culture into an economically depleted rogue state whose chief exports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos. The longest-suffering victims of Iran's leaders are, in fact, its own people. Rather than use its resources to improve Iranian lives, its oil profits go to fund Hezbollah and other terrorists that kill innocent Muslims and attack their peaceful Arab and Israeli neighbors. This wealth, which rightly belongs to Iran's people, also goes to shore up Bashar al-Assad's dictatorship, fuel Yemen's civil war, and undermine peace throughout the entire Middle East. We cannot let a murderous regime continue these destabilizing activities while building dangerous missiles, and we cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program.  The Iran Deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. Frankly, that deal is an embarrassment to the United States, and I don’t think you’ve heard the last of it -- believe me. It is time for the entire world to join us in demanding that Iran's government end its pursuit of death and destruction. It is time for the regime to free all Americans and citizens of other nations that they have unjustly detained. And above all, Iran's government must stop supporting terrorists, begin serving its own people, and respect the sovereign rights of its neighbors. The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran's people are what their leaders fear the most. This is what causes the regime to restrict Internet access, tear down satellite dishes, shoot unarmed student protestors, and imprison political reformers. Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. Will they continue down the path of poverty, bloodshed, and terror? Or will the Iranian people return to the nation's proud roots as a center of civilization, culture, and wealth where their people can be happy and prosperous once again? The Iranian regime's support for terror is in stark contrast to the recent commitments of many of its neighbors to fight terrorism and halt its financing. In Saudi Arabia early last year, I was greatly honored to address the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations. We agreed that all responsible nations must work together to confront terrorists and the Islamist extremism that inspires them. We will stop radical Islamic terrorism because we cannot allow it to tear up our nation, and indeed to tear up the entire world. We must deny the terrorists safe haven, transit, funding, and any form of support for their vile and sinister ideology. We must drive them out of our nations. It is time to expose and hold responsible those countries who support and finance terror groups like al Qaeda, Hezbollah, the Taliban and others that slaughter innocent people. The United States and our allies are working together throughout the Middle East to crush the loser terrorists and stop the reemergence of safe havens they use to launch attacks on all of our people. Last month, I announced a new strategy for victory in the fight against this evil in Afghanistan. From now on, our security interests will dictate the length and scope of military operations, not arbitrary benchmarks and timetables set up by politicians. I have also totally changed the rules of engagement in our fight against the Taliban and other terrorist groups. In Syria and Iraq, we have made big gains toward lasting defeat of ISIS. In fact, our country has achieved more against ISIS in the last eight months than it has in many, many years combined. We seek the de-escalation of the Syrian conflict, and a political solution that honors the will of the Syrian people. The actions of the criminal regime of Bashar al-Assad, including the use of chemical weapons against his own citizens -- even innocent children -- shock the conscience of every decent person. No society can be safe if banned chemical weapons are allowed to spread. That is why the United States carried out a missile strike on the airbase that launched the attack. We appreciate the efforts of United Nations agencies that are providing vital humanitarian assistance in areas liberated from ISIS, and we especially thank Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon for their role in hosting refugees from the Syrian conflict. The United States is a compassionate nation and has spent billions and billions of dollars in helping to support this effort. We seek an approach to refugee resettlement that is designed to help these horribly treated people, and which enables their eventual return to their home countries, to be part of the rebuilding process. For the cost of resettling one refugee in the United States, we can assist more than 10 in their home region. Out of the goodness of our hearts, we offer financial assistance to hosting countries in the region, and we support recent agreements of the G20 nations that will seek to host refugees as close to their home countries as possible. This is the safe, responsible, and humanitarian approach. For decades, the United States has dealt with migration challenges here in the Western Hemisphere. We have learned that, over the long term, uncontrolled migration is deeply unfair to both the sending and the receiving countries. For the sending countries, it reduces domestic pressure to pursue needed political and economic reform, and drains them of the human capital necessary to motivate and implement those reforms. For the receiving countries, the substantial costs of uncontrolled migration are borne overwhelmingly by low-income citizens whose concerns are often ignored by both media and government. I want to salute the work of the United Nations in seeking to address the problems that cause people to flee from their homes. The United Nations and African Union led peacekeeping missions to have invaluable contributions in stabilizing conflicts in Africa. The United States continues to lead the world in humanitarian assistance, including famine prevention and relief in South Sudan, Somalia, and northern Nigeria and Yemen. We have invested in better health and opportunity all over the world through programs like PEPFAR, which funds AIDS relief; the President's Malaria Initiative; the Global Health Security Agenda; the Global Fund to End Modern Slavery; and the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative, part of our commitment to empowering women all across the globe. We also thank we also thank the Secretary General for recognizing that the United Nations must reform if it is to be an effective partner in confronting threats to sovereignty, security, and prosperity. Too often the focus of this organization has not been on results, but on bureaucracy and process. In some cases, states that seek to subvert this institution's noble aims have hijacked the very systems that are supposed to advance them. For example, it is a massive source of embarrassment to the United Nations that some governments with egregious human rights records sit on the U.N. Human Rights Council. The United States is one out of 193 countries in the United Nations, and yet we pay 22 percent of the entire budget and more. In fact, we pay far more than anybody realizes. The United States bears an unfair cost burden, but, to be fair, if it could actually accomplish all of its stated goals, especially the goal of peace, this investment would easily be well worth it. Major portions of the world are in conflict and some, in fact, are going to hell. But the powerful people in this room, under the guidance and auspices of the United Nations, can solve many of these vicious and complex problems. The American people hope that one day soon the United Nations can be a much more accountable and effective advocate for human dignity and freedom around the world. In the meantime, we believe that no nation should have to bear a disproportionate share of the burden, militarily or financially. Nations of the world must take a greater role in promoting secure and prosperous societies in their own regions. That is why in the Western Hemisphere, the United States has stood against the corrupt and destabilizing regime in Cuba and embraced the enduring dream of the Cuban people to live in freedom. My administration recently announced that we will not lift sanctions on the Cuban government until it makes fundamental reforms. We have also imposed tough, calibrated sanctions on the socialist Maduro regime in Venezuela, which has brought a once thriving nation to the brink of total collapse. The socialist dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro has inflicted terrible pain and suffering on the good people of that country. This corrupt regime destroyed a prosperous nation by imposing a failed ideology that has produced poverty and misery everywhere it has been tried. To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people, stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule. The Venezuelan people are starving and their country is collapsing. Their democratic institutions are being destroyed. This situation is completely unacceptable and we cannot stand by and watch. As a responsible neighbor and friend, we and all others have a goal. That goal is to help them regain their freedom, recover their country, and restore their democracy. I would like to thank leaders in this room for condemning the regime and providing vital support to the Venezuelan people. The United States has taken important steps to hold the regime accountable. We are prepared to take further action if the government of Venezuela persists on its path to impose authoritarian rule on the Venezuelan people. We are fortunate to have incredibly strong and healthy trade relationships with many of the Latin American countries gathered here today. Our economic bond forms a critical foundation for advancing peace and prosperity for all of our people and all of our neighbors. I ask every country represented here today to be prepared to do more to address this very real crisis. We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela.  The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented.  From the Soviet Union to Cuba to Venezuela, wherever true socialism or communism has been adopted, it has delivered anguish and devastation and failure. Those who preach the tenets of these discredited ideologies only contribute to the continued suffering of the people who live under these cruel systems. America stands with every person living under a brutal regime. Our respect for sovereignty is also a call for action. All people deserve a government that cares for their safety, their interests, and their wellbeing, including their prosperity. In America, we seek stronger ties of business and trade with all nations of good will, but this trade must be fair and it must be reciprocal. For too long, the American people were told that mammoth multinational trade deals, unaccountable international tribunals, and powerful global bureaucracies were the best way to promote their success. But as those promises flowed, millions of jobs vanished and thousands of factories disappeared. Others gamed the system and broke the rules. And our great middle class, once the bedrock of American prosperity, was forgotten and left behind, but they are forgotten no more and they will never be forgotten again. While America will pursue cooperation and commerce with other nations, we are renewing our commitment to the first duty of every government: the duty of our citizens. This bond is the source of America's strength and that of every responsible nation represented here today. If this organization is to have any hope of successfully confronting the challenges before us, it will depend, as President Truman said some 70 years ago, on the "independent strength of its members." If we are to embrace the opportunities of the future and overcome the present dangers together, there can be no substitute for strong, sovereign, and independent nations -- nations that are rooted in their histories and invested in their destinies; nations that seek allies to befriend, not enemies to conquer; and most important of all, nations that are home to patriots, to men and women who are willing to sacrifice for their countries, their fellow citizens, and for all that is best in the human spirit. In remembering the great victory that led to this body's founding, we must never forget that those heroes who fought against evil also fought for the nations that they loved. Patriotism led the Poles to die to save Poland, the French to fight for a free France, and the Brits to stand strong for Britain. Today, if we do not invest ourselves, our hearts, and our minds in our nations, if we will not build strong families, safe communities, and healthy societies for ourselves, no one can do it for us. We cannot wait for someone else, for faraway countries or far-off bureaucrats -- we can't do it. We must solve our problems, to build our prosperity, to secure our futures, or we will be vulnerable to decay, domination, and defeat. The true question for the United Nations today, for people all over the world who hope for better lives for themselves and their children, is a basic one: Are we still patriots? Do we love our nations enough to protect their sovereignty and to take ownership of their futures? Do we revere them enough to defend their interests, preserve their cultures, and ensure a peaceful world for their citizens? One of the greatest American patriots, John Adams, wrote that the American Revolution was "effected before the war commenced. The Revolution was in the minds and hearts of the people." That was the moment when America awoke, when we looked around and understood that we were a nation. We realized who we were, what we valued, and what we would give our lives to defend. From its very first moments, the American story is the story of what is possible when people take ownership of their future. The United States of America has been among the greatest forces for good in the history of the world, and the greatest defenders of sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all. Now we are calling for a great reawakening of nations, for the revival of their spirits, their pride, their people, and their patriotism. History is asking us whether we are up to the task. Our answer will be a renewal of will, a rediscovery of resolve, and a rebirth of devotion. We need to defeat the enemies of humanity and unlock the potential of life itself. Our hope is a word and world of proud, independent nations that embrace their duties, seek friendship, respect others, and make common cause in the greatest shared interest of all: a future of dignity and peace for the people of this wonderful Earth. This is the true vision of the United Nations, the ancient wish of every people, and the deepest yearning that lives inside every sacred soul. So let this be our mission, and let this be our message to the world: We will fight together, sacrifice together, and stand together for peace, for freedom, for justice, for family, for humanity, and for the almighty God who made us all. Thank you. God bless you. God bless the nations of the world. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. My fellow Americans: As President of the United States, my highest obligation is to ensure the safety and security of the American people. History has shown that the longer we ignore a threat, the more dangerous that threat becomes. For this reason, upon taking office, I've ordered a complete strategic review of our policy toward the rogue regime in Iran. That review is now complete. Today, I am announcing our strategy, along with several major steps we are taking to confront the Iranian regime's hostile actions and to ensure that Iran never, and I mean never, acquires a nuclear weapon. Our policy is based on a clear-eyed assessment of the Iranian dictatorship, its sponsorship of terrorism, and its continuing aggression in the Middle East and all around the world. Iran is under the control of a fanatical regime that seized power in 1979 and forced a proud people to submit to its extremist rule. This radical regime has raided the wealth of one of the world's oldest and most vibrant nations, and spread death, destruction, and chaos all around the globe. Beginning in 1979, agents of the Iranian regime illegally seized the U.S. embassy in Tehran and held more than 60 Americans hostage during the 444 days of the crisis. The Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah twice bombed our embassy in Lebanon — once in 1983 and again in 1984. Another Iranian-supported bombing killed 241 Americans — service members they were, in their barracks in Beirut in 1983. In 1996, the regime directed another bombing of American military housing in Saudi Arabia, murdering 19 Americans in cold blood. Iranian proxies provided training to operatives who were later involved in al Qaeda's bombing of the American embassies in Kenya, Tanzania, and two years later, killing 224 people, and wounding more than 4,000 others. The regime harbored high-level terrorists in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, including Osama bin Laden's son. In Iraq and Afghanistan, groups supported by Iran have killed hundreds of American military personnel. The Iranian dictatorship's aggression continues to this day. The regime remains the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism, and provides assistance to al Qaeda, the Taliban, Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist networks. It develops, deploys, and proliferates missiles that threaten American troops and our allies. It harasses American ships and threatens freedom of navigation in the Arabian Gulf and in the Red Sea. It imprisons Americans on false charges. And it launches cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure, financial system, and military. The United States is far from the only target of the Iranian dictatorship's long campaign of bloodshed. The regime violently suppresses its own citizens; it shot unarmed student protestors in the street during the Green Revolution. This regime has fueled sectarian violence in Iraq, and vicious civil wars in Yemen and Syria. In Syria, the Iranian regime has supported the atrocities of Bashar al-Assad's regime and condoned Assad's use of chemical weapons against helpless civilians, including many, many children. Given the regime's murderous past and present, we should not take lightly its sinister vision for the future. The regime's two favorite chants are "Death to America" and "Death to Israel." Realizing the gravity of the situation, the United States and the United Nations Security Council sought, over many years, to stop Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons with a wide array of strong economic sanctions. But the previous administration lifted these sanctions, just before what would have been the total collapse of the Iranian regime, through the deeply controversial 2015 nuclear deal with Iran. This deal is known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA. As I have said many times, the Iran Deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. The same mindset that produced this deal is responsible for years of terrible trade deals that have sacrificed so many millions of jobs in our country to the benefit of other countries. We need negotiators who will much more strongly represent America's interest. The nuclear deal threw Iran's dictatorship a political and economic lifeline, providing urgently needed relief from the intense domestic pressure the sanctions had created. It also gave the regime an immediate financial boost and over $100 billion dollars its government could use to fund terrorism. The regime also received a massive cash settlement of $1.7 billion from the United States, a large portion of which was physically loaded onto an airplane and flown into Iran. Just imagine the sight of those huge piles of money being hauled off by the Iranians waiting at the airport for the cash. I wonder where all that money went. Worst of all, the deal allows Iran to continue developing certain elements of its nuclear program. And importantly, in just a few years, as key restrictions disappear, Iran can sprint towards a rapid nuclear weapons breakout. In other words, we got weak inspections in exchange for no more than a purely short-term and temporary delay in Iran's path to nuclear weapons. What is the purpose of a deal that, at best, only delays Iran's nuclear capability for a short period of time? This, as President of the United States, is unacceptable. In other countries, they think in terms of 100-year intervals, not just a few years at a time. The saddest part of the deal for the United States is that all of the money was paid up front, which is unheard of, rather than at the end of the deal when they have shown they've played by the rules. But what's done is done, and that's why we are where we are. The Iranian regime has committed multiple violations of the agreement. For example, on two separate occasions, they have exceeded the limit of 130 metric tons of heavy water. Until recently, the Iranian regime has also failed to meet our expectations in its operation of advanced centrifuges. The Iranian regime has also intimidated international inspectors into not using the full inspection authorities that the agreement calls for. Iranian officials and military leaders have repeatedly claimed they will not allow inspectors onto military sites, even though the international community suspects some of those sites were part of Iran's clandestine nuclear weapons program. There are also many people who believe that Iran is dealing with North Korea. I am going to instruct our intelligence agencies to do a thorough analysis and report back their findings beyond what they have already reviewed. By its own terms, the Iran Deal was supposed to contribute to "regional and international peace and security." And yet, while the United States adheres to our commitment under the deal, the Iranian regime continues to fuel conflict, terror, and turmoil throughout the Middle East and beyond. Importantly, Iran is not living up to the spirit of the deal. So today, in recognition of the increasing menace posed by Iran, and after extensive consultations with our allies, I am announcing a new strategy to address the full range of Iran's destructive actions. First, we will work with our allies to counter the regime's destabilizing activity and support for terrorist proxies in the region. Second, we will place additional sanctions on the regime to block their financing of terror. Third, we will address the regime's proliferation of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, global trade, and freedom of navigation. And finally, we will deny the regime all paths to a nuclear weapon. Today, I am also announcing several major steps my administration is taking in pursuit of this strategy. The execution of our strategy begins with the long-overdue step of imposing tough sanctions on Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The Revolutionary Guard is the Iranian Supreme Leader's corrupt personal terror force and militia. It has hijacked large portions of Iran's economy and seized massive religious endowments to fund war and terror abroad. This includes arming the Syrian dictator, supplying proxies and partners with missiles and weapons to attack civilians in the region, and even plotting to bomb a popular restaurant right here in Washington, D.C. I am authorizing the Treasury Department to further sanction the entire Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps for its support for terrorism and to apply sanctions to its officials, agents, and affiliates. I urge our allies to join us in taking strong actions to curb Iran's continued dangerous and destabilizing behavior, including thorough sanctions outside the Iran Deal that target the regime's ballistic missile program, in support for terrorism, and all of its destructive activities, of which there are many. Finally, on the grave matter of Iran's nuclear program: Since the signing of the nuclear agreement, the regime's dangerous aggression has only escalated. At the same time, it has received massive sanctions relief while continuing to develop its missiles program. Iran has also entered into lucrative business contracts with other parties to the agreement. When the agreement was finalized in 2015, Congress passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to ensure that Congress's voice would be heard on the deal. Among other conditions, this law requires the President, or his designee, to certify that the suspension of sanctions under the deal is "appropriate and proportionate" to measure — and other measures taken by Iran to terminate its illicit nuclear program. Based on the factual record I have put forward, I am announcing today that we cannot and will not make this certification. We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror, and the very real threat of Iran's nuclear breakout. That is why I am directing my administration to work closely with Congress and our allies to address the deal's many serious flaws so that the Iranian regime can never threaten the world with nuclear weapons. These include the deal's sunset clauses that, in just a few years, will eliminate key restrictions on Iran's nuclear program. The flaws in the deal also include insufficient enforcement and near total silence on Iran's missile programs. Congress has already begun the work to address these problems. Key House and Senate leaders are drafting legislation that would amend the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to strengthen enforcement, prevent Iran from developing an inter- — this is so totally important — an intercontinental ballistic missile, and make all restrictions on Iran's nuclear activity permanent under U.S. law. So important. I support these initiatives. However, in the event we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated. It is under continuous review, and our participation can be cancelled by me, as President, at any time. As we have seen in North Korea, the longer we ignore a threat, the worse that threat becomes. It is why we are determined that the world's leading sponsor of terrorism will never obtain nuclear weapons. In this effort, we stand in total solidarity with the Iranian regime's longest-suffering victims: its own people. The citizens of Iran have paid a heavy price for the violence and extremism of their leaders. The Iranian people long to — and they just are longing, to reclaim their country's proud history, its culture, its civilization, its cooperation with its neighbors. We hope that these new measures directed at the Iranian dictatorship will compel the government to reevaluate its pursuit of terror at the expense of its people. We hope that our actions today will help bring about a future of peace, stability, and prosperity in the Middle East –- a future where sovereign nations respect each other and their own citizens. We pray for a future where young children — American and Iranian, Muslim, Christian, and Jewish — can grow up in a world free from violence, hatred, and terror. And, until that blessed day comes, we will do what we must to keep America safe. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you.  Thank you very much.  You just want massive tax cuts.  That’s what you want.  That’s the only reason you’re going so wild.
But it’s wonderful to be back in the great state of Indiana.  What a place.
I want to thank Senator Todd Young, Senator Joe Donnelly, Representative Jackie Walorski, Representative Susan Brooks, and Representative Mike [sic] Messer for joining us today.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much for being here.  Appreciate it.
I also want to thank members of my economic team, Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Director Gary Cohn, for joining us, as well.  We appreciate it.
Let me begin by saying that our hearts and prayers go out to the people of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands who are suffering in the wake of yet another catastrophic hurricane.  I mean, their island was virtually destroyed.  Federal agencies are working closely with local partners to help these communities get back on their feet as soon as possible.
Texas, Florida, and Louisiana are doing great, and the recovery process is happening very, very quickly.
I will be going down to Puerto Rico next week to get an on-the-ground briefing about the disaster recovery and to see all of our great first responders and to meet a lot of the people who were so affected by these storms.  We are with you now, I tell them, and we will be there every step of the way until this job is done.  It is truly catastrophic what happened in Puerto Rico.
And massive amounts of water, food, and supplies, by the way, are being delivered on an hourly basis.  It’s something that nobody has ever seen before from this country, I can tell you that.  And I’m very proud of all of the folks that have worked so hard in FEMA, all of our first responders, all of our police that have gone to the island because their police force has been so badly affected.  And many of their policemen — in fact, most of the police people have lost their homes, and it’s been a tough go.  But we are — we’re going to get it back.
Before we go on to discuss the largest tax cut in our county’s history, I also want to provide a brief update on healthcare.  We have the votes on Graham-Cassidy.  But with the rules of reconciliation, we’re up against a deadline of Friday — two days.  That’s just two days.  And yes-vote senator — we have a wonderful senator, great, great senator — who is a yes vote, but he’s home recovering from a pretty tough situation.  And with so many great features, including all of the block granting, the money to the states, et cetera, et cetera, our healthcare plan is really going to be something excellent.  It’s going to be better managed for the people that it serves.  Having local healthcare representatives is far better than having healthcare managed from Washington, D.C.  Not even a contest.
And many, many governors, as you also see, have agreed with us and approved it and really look forward to running it properly.  But again, because the reconciliation window is about to close, we have to wait a few months until it reopens before we take a vote.  So we’re getting all of the good signs from Alaska and the others to repeal and replace Obamacare.  And I was hoping this would be put on my desk right after we won the election, and I’d come in and sign.  But it didn’t work that way.  There were a couple of people that — I won’t say anything.  (Laughter.)  But early next year when reconciliation kicks back in, in any event long before the November election, we’re going to have a vote.  And we’re going to be able to get that through, and I think we’ll actually get it through very easily and the time makes it easier.
But speaking of reconciliation, the Republican Senate needs to get rid of the filibuster rule, which is blocking so many great legislative reforms the American people badly want and deserve.  By the way, the Democrats, if they had the opportunity, which hopefully they won’t for many, many years, they would get rid of it on day one.  And most of you know exactly what I’m talking about.
We’re here today in Indiana to announce our framework to deliver historic tax relief to the American People.
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity, and I guess it’s probably something I can say that I’m very good at.  I’ve been waiting for this for a long time.  We’re going to cut taxes for the middle class, make the tax code simpler and more fair for everyday Americans, and we are going to bring back the jobs and wealth that have left our country — and most people thought left our country for good.
We want tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and, yes, tax reform that is pro-American.    It’s time to take care of our people, to rebuild our nation, and to fight for our great American workers.
Indiana is a tremendous example of the prosperity that is unleashed when we cut taxes and set free the dreams of our citizens.  This state has claimed a powerful competitive edge built on low taxes and less regulation — and are we cutting regulation?
And businesses all across the country have taken notice.  In recent years, Indiana has welcomed dozens of companies fleeing high taxes and high-tax states.  Thousands of new jobs and massive capital investment have followed — meaning a better quality of life for the people of Indiana.
All of this is possible because the people of this state have made a decision. They chose to make Indiana competitive again.  They chose, and their choice was so important.  It included electing a governor, who you may have heard of — (laughter) — who signed the largest income tax cut in the state’s history, our very, very terrific person and terrific Vice President, Mike Pence.
It’s time for Washington to learn from the wisdom of Indiana.  We need Washington to promote American jobs instead of obstructing them.  That is what I have been working to achieve every day since I took office.  That is what I talked about on the campaign trail.
Already, we’re seeing the results of an economic policy that finally puts America first.    Unemployment is at a 16-year low.  Unemployment for African Americans is near its lowest point since the turn of the millennium.  It’s really a fantastic thing to see.
Wages are rising.  Optimism among manufacturers has reached all-time highs.  GDP growth last quarter reached 3 percent way ahead of schedule; nobody thought that was going to happen for a long time.    And this quarter, I believe, would have been better, but the hurricanes will have an impact.  But other than that, it would have been, in my opinion, even better.
Your government is working for you once again, not for the donors, not the special interests, but the hardworking taxpaying citizens of our country.
America is back on the right track.  And I see so many red hats — Make America Great Again.  That’s what we’re doing — Make America Great Again.    But our country and our economy cannot take off like they should unless we dramatically reform America’s outdated, complex, and extremely burdensome tax code.  It’s a relic.  We’ve got to change it.  We have to compete — compete with other countries.
The current tax system is a colossal barrier standing in the way of America’s economic comeback because it can be far greater than it’s ever been.  But we’re going to remove that barrier to create the tax system our people finally, finally, finally — and want and deserve.
For several months, my administration has been working closely with Congress to develop a framework for tax reform.  Over the next few months, the House and Senate will build on this framework and produce legislation that will deliver more jobs, higher pay, and lower taxes for middle-class families — for the working man and woman — and for businesses of all sizes.  I look forward —   Thank you.
I look forward to working with Congress to deliver these historic tax cuts and reforms to the American people.  These tax cuts are significant.  There’s never been tax cuts like what we’re talking about.
Our framework is based on four key ideas:  First, we will cut taxes for the everyday, hardworking Americans — the people that work so long, so hard, and they’ve been forgotten.  But they’re not forgotten anymore.  I think we proved that on November 8th.
Under this framework, the first $12,000 of income earned by a single individual will be tax free, — (applause) — and a married couple won’t pay a dime in taxes on their first $24,000 of income.  So, a married couple — up to $24,000 — can spend their money on their family, on their children, on what they have to do.  So much better.
In other words, more income for more people will be taxed at a rate of zero.    At this zero percent rate, taxable income will be subject to just three tax rates of 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent.
Jonathan Blanton and his wife Jamie from Greentown are here with us today.  Where are they?  Oh, hello, Jonathan.  How are you?
Jonathan does industrial janitorial work and Jamie works at an auto company.  Together they’re raising four beautiful children, and last year they earned less than $90,000.  Under our tax plan they would have saved more than $1,000, and it could be substantially more.  And that’s just on federal taxes.  So they would have saved at least $1,000.
Middle-income families will save even more money with an increased child tax credit for children under the age of 17, which so many families have been calling for.
We will eliminate the marriage penalty in the existing credit and expand eligibility to include even more middle-income families.  Greatly expanded.
We’re also expanding the child tax credit because we believe the most important investment our country can make is in our children.    And this is just one more critical way that we’re targeting relief to working families.
In addition, under our framework, those caring for the elderly loved — and we love these people, but we’re caring, and we take such care of the elderly and other adult dependents — will receive financial relief in the form of a $500 tax credit.
We’re doing everything we can to reduce the tax burden on you and your family.  By eliminating tax breaks and loopholes, we will ensure that the benefits are focused on the middle class, the working men and women, not the highest-income earners.
Our framework includes our explicit commitment that tax reform will protect low-income and middle-income households, not the wealthy and well-connected.  They can call me all they want.  It’s not going to help.  I’m doing the right thing, and it’s not good for me.  Believe me.
But what is good for me — not only as President and legacy — what is good for me is if everything takes off like a rocket ship, like it should have for 20 years.  That’s good for me.  That’s good for everyone.    And that’s what I think is going to happen.    And a lot of very wealthy people feel the same way, believe me.
In fact, we are eliminating most itemized deductions that primarily benefit the wealthiest taxpayers.  We’ve also given Congress the flexibility to add an additional top rate on the very highest income earners to provide even more tax relief for working people.
Second, our framework will make the tax code simple, fair, and easy to understand, finally.
Americans waste money.  Americans waste so much money — billions and billions of dollars and many hours each year to comply with our ridiculously complex tax code.  More than 90 percent of Americans use assistance to prepare their taxes.  Under our framework, the vast majority of families will be able to file their taxes on a single sheet of paper.
We are also repealing the alternative minimum tax, or AMT.  About time.
The AMT is actually a shadow tax system that requires many people to calculate their taxes two different ways and pay the higher of the two amounts.  You’re all familiar with it.  Under our framework, the AMT will make even less sense because we are repealing many of the special interest tax breaks that it was designed to deal with.  We are making our taxes simple again.  We are simplifying our tax system.
To protect millions of small businesses and the American farmer, we are finally ending the crushing, the horrible, the unfair estate tax, or as it is often referred to, the death tax.
That means, especially for all of you with small businesses that are really tremendous businesses, you’ll be able to leave them to your family, and your family won’t have to run out and do a fire sale to try and get the money to pay the tax — lose the business, ends up going out of business.  All of those jobs are lost.  The farmers in particular are affected.  They have wonderful farms, but they can’t pay the tax, so they have to sell the farm.  The people that buy it don’t run it with love.  They can’t run it the same way, and it goes out.  So that death tax is a disaster for this country and a disaster for so many small businesses and farmers.  And we’re getting rid of it.
Now if you don’t like your family, it won’t matter, okay?  (Laughter.)  But for those that love your family, it matters a lot.  (Laughter.)
With us today is Kip Tom, a family farmer from Leesburg — Where’s Kip?  Go ahead, Kip.  Hi, Kip — (applause) — who fears that his family’s farming heritage — it’s been a long time.  How long, Kip?  A hundred and eighty-seven years — that’s peanuts, Kip.    Wow.  That’s a long time.  But that great heritage could come to an end because of the death tax, or the estate tax, and could make it impossible for him to pass that legacy to his wonderful family.  We’re not going to let that happen.
We are not going to allow the death tax to steal away the American Dream from these great, great families, many of which are in this room today.
We will protect our farmers, our ranchers, and our small businesses, and we will make taxes simple, easy, and fair for all Americans.  Okay?
Third, we will cut taxes on American businesses to restore our competitive edge and create more jobs and higher wages for American workers.
In Indiana, you have seen firsthand that cutting taxes on businesses makes your state more competitive and leads to more jobs and higher paychecks for your workers.  Now, we want to do the same thing for America, making our country more competitive with other nations.  And in many cases, those other nations are taking advantage of us in so many ways.  They say they’re friends, and perhaps they are, but believe me, I am renegotiating our trade deals, including NAFTA, including many other trade deals.
And through regulation, all you have to do is look at the massive pipelines — Dakota Access.  You take a look, 48,000 jobs immediately approved.  So we’re letting that happen.
But in terms of the tax and the tax strategy that Ronald Reagan used to create an economic boom in the 1980s:  When our economy took off, the middle class thrived, and the family income of all families was increasing more and more.  And it was a beautiful sight to behold.
Since then, other nations have adopted, unfortunately, our playbook and ran it even better than we did.  And I shouldn’t say even better because we didn’t run it well at all, and we let other nations come in and take advantage of us and take our jobs away and take our businesses out.  And we’re stopping that, and you see it right here what we’ve done.
Today, our total business tax rate is 60 percent higher than our average foreign competitor in the developed world.  That’s not good.  We have surrendered our competitive edge to other countries, but we’re not surrendering anymore.  We’re not surrendering anymore.
Under our framework, we will dramatically cut the business tax rate so that American companies and American workers can beat our foreign competitors and start winning again.    We will reduce the corporate tax rate to no higher than 20 percent.  That’s way down from 35 and 39 — (applause) — which is substantially below the average of other industrialized nations.
This is a revolutionary change, and the biggest winners will be the everyday American workers as jobs start pouring into our country, as companies start competing for American labor, and as wages start going up at levels that you haven’t seen in many years.
When our companies move to other countries, it’s our loyal American workers who get hurt.  And when companies stay in America, and come to America, it’s our wonderful workers who reap the rewards.
And I just left the United Nations last week, and I was told by one of the most powerful leaders of the world that they’re going to be announcing, in the not-too-distant future, five major factories in the United States — between increasing and new — five.    You’ll be hearing about that very soon.
And I said thank you very much, and he said, “you know what?  It’s starting to happen in the United States.  It’s starting to happen.”  So I just wanted to let you know that.  I promised I wouldn’t say who.  I’ll keep my word.  Okay?  (Laughter.)  Unless you force me.  (Laughter.)
AUDIENCE MEMBERS:  Who?
THE PRESIDENT:  Members of both parties — it happens to be in the automobile industry.  That’s a good industry.  (Laughter.)  Members of both parties should agree that we need a tax code that keeps jobs in our country and brings jobs back to our country.
And for the millions of small businesses and farms that file their taxes as sole proprietors, S corporations or partnerships, we will cap the tax rate they pay at 25 percent — much lower.  Big difference.    This will be the lowest top marginal income tax rate for small and mid-size businesses in this country in more than 80 years.
To give businesses even more reason to boost their investment in America, for the next five years, our framework will allow to fully write off — listen to this — the cost of equipment in the year they buy it.  That is big.    And that’s instead of having to take deductions and deduct the cost over a long period of time.  Now that’s called incentive.  That’s called incentive.    This will be tremendously important to help American businesses afford the heavy industrial machinery and other capital investments they need to grow big and grow strong.
Joining us today is John Gannon, the owner of a custom wood fencing and deck construction company in Indianapolis.  John is the father of nine children, and recently celebrated his 35th wedding anniversary.  Congratulations, John.
And John is in the fencing company, as you heard, and I’m just thinking — I have to mention this — you know, we have a fence around the White House.  (Laughter.)  We have a fence around the White House, and they want to build a new fence.  And I figured, you know — I’m pretty good at construction — I figured, I don’t know, maybe a million, maybe a million-and-a-half.  And this has been taking place over a long period of time — previous administrations.
So I said, “how much is the fence you’re talking around the White House?”  “Sir, the fence will cost approximately $50 million.”  I said, “What?”  (Laughter.)  I kid you not, and we have thousands of things like that.  Thousands.  We’re going to get it all down, but think of that:  $50 million.  Now, I assume it’s a strong fence.  (Laughter.)  Okay?  So, John, do you think you could do it for slightly less than $50 million?  I think he could take $49 off right now and he’d have plenty of profit.  Right?  Right, John?  It’s crazy.    It’s crazy.  Never understand it, but we’re working on it.
John says that a tax cut like we’re proposing will make his business more competitive, allowing him to expand, hire more workers, and raise wages for his current employees.  Right, John?
Also with us is Aaron Williams, a father of two who works in the field of information technology.  Where’s Aaron?  Hello, Aaron.  Hi.    It’s a good field.
Aaron has seen the disastrous effects of high — and just literally, high corporate tax rates right up close and personal, as more and more high-tech jobs are shipped overseas.  You’ve been watching it, Aaron.  Right?  All over.  Like millions of other Americans, Aaron wants to bring those jobs back to the United States.
We’re going to reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they can keep jobs in America, Aaron; create jobs in America; compete for workers in America; and raise wages right here in America.  You’re going to be in a much different position.  Okay?    Thank you.  Tremendous incentives.
We want more products proudly stamped with those four beautiful words:  Made in the USA.  Right?    Made in the USA.
Finally, our framework encourages American companies to bring back the trillions and trillions of dollars in wealth that’s parked overseas.  Our current tax system — (applause) — trillions.  And by the way, for years I’ve been hearing it’s 2.5 trillion.  So I’ve been hearing this for about five years, so I assume it’s much more.  Right?  But Democrats want to do it, and Republicans want to do it.  For years — who doesn’t want to do it?  They want to bring — but they can’t do it because it’s so restrictive, and the taxes are so ridiculous.  So they can’t do it.  So the money stays in other countries, and it’s invested in other countries.  We want to bring it back.
But think of it, it’s one of the few things — Democrats want it and Republicans want it.  So they both want it, and yet for years they haven’t been able to do it.  Now we’re doing it.  We’re doing things.
You know, it’s one thing when we want a healthcare and they want a healthcare, and there’s a dispute.  But here’s something everybody wants and they can’t do it.  So you can tell you, there’s a broken system in D.C., but we’re getting it fixed rather — I think — rather rapidly.  You’ll be seeing that over the next few months.
Our current tax system makes us one of the few developed nations in the world to punish our companies when they bring wealth earned overseas back into our country.  We’re punishing them for bringing the money back in.
As a result, corporations have parked many trillions of dollars in foreign countries, and many have incorporated abroad in order to avoid our punitive tax system altogether.  And some companies actually leave our country because they have so much money overseas — so much, it’s an incredible amount — that they move the company to get their money.  We’re going to let them bring the money back home.
Our framework will stop punishing companies for keeping their headquarters in the United States.  We’re punishing companies under our codes for being in the United States.  We will impose a one-time low tax on returning money that is already offshore so that it can be brought back home to America where it belongs and where it can be put to work and work and work.
The framework I’ve just described represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reduce taxes, rebuild our economy, and restore America’s competitive edge.  Finally.
And I have to say, just before coming here we released some of the details of the tax and the tax reform and the tax cuts, and it has really received tremendous, tremendous reviews.  And if Senator Donnelly doesn’t approve it, because you know he’s on the other side, we will come here.  We will campaign against him like you wouldn’t believe.    I think they’re going to approve it.  I think we’ll have — actually, I think we’ll have numerous Democrats come across because it’s the right thing to do.
These reforms will be a dramatic change from a failed tax system that encourages American businesses to ship jobs to foreign countries that have much lower tax rates.  It’s what we can’t do.  Our competitors have much lower tax rates.  But no longer.  My administration strongly rejects this offshoring model, and we have embraced the new model.  It’s called — the American model.
Under the American model, we are reducing burdens on our businesses as long as they do business in our country.  That’s what we want.  We want them to do business in our country, not to leave our country like a number of firms from Indiana.  Some made some great promises to me, but those promises are only being partially kept because they’re incentivized to leave.  But now they’re going to be incentivized to stay.  And if that doesn’t work, then we’ll get even tougher than that.  Okay?
We want our companies to hire and grow in America and to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild American cities and towns.
That is how we will all succeed together and grow together as one team, one people, and one American family.  We want it to happen here.
Tax reform has not historically been a partisan issue, and it does not have to be a partisan issue today.  I really believe we’re going to have numerous Democrats come over and sign because it’s the right thing to do.  I believe that it’s the right thing to do, and I know many of them.  And they’re telling me it is the right thing to do.  President Reagan’s tax cuts were passed with significant bipartisan majorities at a time when there was a Democrat majority in the House and a Democrat Speaker — Tip O’Neill.
Before that, Democrat President John F. Kennedy championed tax cuts that surged the economy and massively reduced unemployment.   As President Kennedy very wisely said, “The single most important fiscal weapon available to strengthen the national economy is the federal tax policy.  The right kind of tax cut at the right time” — at the right time, this is the right time — “is the most effective measure that this government could take to spur our economy forward.”  That was President Kennedy.
My fellow Americans, this is the right tax cut, and this is the right time.  Democrats and Republicans in Congress should come together, finally, to deliver this giant win for the American people and begin middle-class miracle — it’s called a middle-class miracle, once again.  It’s also called a miracle for our great companies; a miracle for the middle class, for the working person.
I truly believe that many Democrats want to support our plan, and with enough encouragement from the American people, they will find the courage to do what is right for our great country.    But they’ll only do it if you, the American people, make your voices heard.  Only if you tell Congress to give us a tax code that puts American jobs first.  And that’s what we’re doing.
History has proven time and time again that there is no power on Earth more awesome than the will of the American people.  That is why today I am asking all Americans — Republican, Democrat, independent — to join with me, and with each other to demand tax reform that will truly, truly, truly make America great again.
Call your congressmen.  Call your senators.  Let them know you’re watching.  Let them know you’re waiting.  Tell them that today is the day for decision.  That now is the time to heal this self-inflicted economic wound.  And that with their action, the future will belong to all of us.
If you demand it, the politicians will listen.  They will answer, and they will act.  And someday, many years from now, our children and our grandchildren will remember this moment in history as the time when ordinary Americans took control of their destiny and chose a future of American patriotism, prosperity, and pride.
With your help and your voice, we will bring back our jobs, we will bring back our wealth, and for every citizen across this land, we will bring back our great American dreams.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.
Thank you very much. Thank you.  Thank you very much. It’s so nice. And we appreciate it. And all of the people outside that were waving proudly the American flag — believe me, we appreciate it very much.
I want to thank Jerry Cook, Steve Burney — (applause) — and all of the tremendous employees here at the Loren Cook Company for hosting us today. Where is Jerry? Where is Jerry?  Thank you. Thank you, Jerry. What a job. I’ve heard so much about you. It’s a great honor to know you, Jerry. Thank you.
I also want to welcome the many distinguished guests who are here with us for this very important event: Secretary of the Treasury, Steve Mnuchin.  Thank you, Steve. Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross.  Small Business Administrator — which, by the way, is a very large business, I will tell you that — Linda McMahon, a friend of mine.  And from the purely political world, a really great friend who did such an incredible job with his beautiful wife at the inauguration, Senator Roy Blunt. Thank you. Thank you.  Where’s Roy? Thank you, Roy.
Governor Greitens is here, who is doing some job.  Thank you, Governor. Special. Lieutenant Governor Parson. Lieutenant Governor, thank you, Lieutenant Governor. And our great members of Commerce [Congress], I want to thank you all for coming. There are so many. I was asking the Governor and Roy, I said, do you think I should announce them all? I have so many. But I’m honored that they’re here.
Representative Sam Graves.  Representative Vicky Hartzler, who has been terrific.  My friend for a long time, and just somebody that he liked me from the beginning and I liked him, Billy Long. Where’s Billy?  Billy. Right, Billy? Right from the beginning. Blaine Luetkemeyer — where’s Blaine? Good. Thank you, Blaine.  Representative Jason Smith.  Jason, thank you for everything, Jason. Representative Ann Wagner. Hi, Ann. Good job, Ann.
And, I don’t know, we have so many more. Anybody I forgot? Right? Everything okay? Good, I got it. You, I remember more than anybody. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. And to the congressmen and congresswomen, we very much appreciate you all being here. Thank you very much.
Before we begin, I’d like to take a few moments to discuss the deeply tragic situation in Texas and Louisiana. As we all know, our Gulf Coast was hit over the weekend with a devastating hurricane of historic proportion. Torrential rains and terrible flooding continue to pose a grave danger to life and to property. Our first responders have been doing absolutely heroic work to shepherd people out of harm’s way, and their courage and devotion has saved countless lives. They represent truly the very best of America.
We must be vigilant. We must protect the lives of our people. I was on the ground in Texas yesterday to meet with Governor Abbott — who is doing, by the way, and incredible job — and local officials so that we could coordinate the very big and unprecedented federal response.
In difficult times such as these, we see the true character of the American people: their strength, their love, and their resolve. We see friend helping friend, neighbor helping neighbor, and stranger helping stranger. And together, we will endure and we will overcome.
To those affected by this storm, we are praying for you and we are here with you every single step of the way. And I can speak, I know, for the people in this room — every step of the way.
To those Americans who have lost loved ones: All of America is grieving with you, and our hearts are joined with yours forever. The citizens of Texas and the Gulf Coast need all the prayers, support, and resources our communities have to offer. Recovery will be tough, but I have seen the resilience of the American spirit firsthand, all over this country.
To the people of Houston, and across Texas and Louisiana: We are here with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you every single day after to restore, recover, and rebuild.
As our thoughts and prayers remain firmly with the citizens and our fellow people — people — great, great people — all affected by this tragedy. We’re also glad to be back in the heartland with the very, very fine folks of Missouri.
And I said to Senator Blunt and I said to Billy Long on the plane coming in — can I say “Missouri,” or should I say “Missouruh”? Okay? And they said, whatever you want is okay. So I said, good. But I’m especially pleased to be here in Springfield, the birthplace of a great American icon, the legendary Route 66. Who would have known that?
This is the place where the “Main Street of America” got its start, and this is where America’s main street will begin its big, beautiful comeback that — you are seeing it right now. This is a comeback of historic proportions. You’re seeing it happen right now.  Right? You’re seeing it.
We’re here today to launch our plans to bring back Main Street by reducing the crushing tax burden on our companies and on our workers.  Our self-destructive tax code costs Americans millions and millions of jobs, trillions of dollars, and billions of hours spent on compliance and paperwork. And you have seen what’s happening with regulations — they’re going fast. We need regulations, but many of them are unnecessary, and they’re going fast.
That is why the foundation of our job creation agenda is to fundamentally reform our tax code for the first time in more than 30 years. I want to work with Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike, on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker — and pro-American.
There is no more fitting place to launch this effort than right here in the American heartland, surrounded by hardworking men and women whose skill, determination, and drive are truly second to none.
And, by the way, before I start, Ivanka Trump — I see my beautiful daughter is in the audience. Stand up, honey.  She’s working very hard. I’m very proud of Ivanka.
For many decades, Route 66 captured the American spirit. The communities along this historic route were a vivid symbol of America’s booming industry. Truck drivers hauled made-in-America goods along this vital artery of commerce. Families passed through bustling towns on their way to explore the great American West. And high-quality manufacturing jobs lifted up communities, gave Americans a paycheck that could support a family. Mr. Cook is a great example of the people that do it.  Stand up. Stand up Mr. Cook. Stand up.  I think they like you. And provided millions of our fellow citizens with the pride and dignity that comes with work.
But, in recent years, millions of Americans have watched that prosperity slip away in the rearview mirror. And it wasn’t pleasant to watch, especially for me. I would sit back — I was in business — and I could see what was happening. It wasn’t good.
If we want to renew our prosperity, and to restore opportunity, then we must reduce the tax burden on our companies and on our workers.
In the last 10 years, our economy has grown at only around two percent a year. If you look at other countries and you look at what their GDP is, they’re unhappy when it’s seven, eight, nine. And I speak to them — leaders of the countries — how are you doing? “Not well, not well.” Why? “GDP is down to seven percent.” And I’m saying, we were hitting one percent just a number of months ago. So we’re going to change that around, folks, that I can tell you. And we’re going change it around fast.
And today — a very appropriate day that this should happen — we just announced that we hit three percent in GDP. It just came out.  And on a yearly basis, as you know, the last administration, during an eight-year period, never hit three percent. So we’re really on our way.
If we achieve sustained three percent growth, that means 12 million new jobs and $10 trillion dollars of new economic activity over the next decade. That’s some numbers.  And I happen to be one that thinks we can go much higher than three percent. There’s no reason why we shouldn’t.
So this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to deliver real tax reform for everyday hardworking Americans, and I am fully committed to working with Congress to get this job done. And I don’t want to be disappointed by Congress, do you understand me? Do you understand?
Congress — I think Congress is going to make a comeback. I hope so. (Laughter.) I tell you what, the United States is counting on it.
Here are my four principles for tax reform: First, we need a tax code that is simple, fair, and easy to understand.  That means getting rid of the loopholes and complexity that primarily benefit the wealthiest Americans and special interests.
Our last major tax rewrite was 31 years ago. It eliminated dozens of loopholes and special interest tax breaks, reduced the number of tax brackets from fifteen to two, and lowered tax rates for both individuals and businesses. At the time, it was really something special.
Since then, our tax laws have tripled in size, and the tax code itself now spans more than 2,600 pages, and most of it is not understandable. Tax rates have increased, and special interest loopholes have crept back into the system. The tax code is now a massive source of complexity and frustration for tens of millions of Americans.
In 1935, the basic 1040 form that most people file had two simple pages of instructions. Today, that basic form has one hundred pages of instructions, and it’s pretty complex stuff. The tax code is so complicated that more than 90 percent of Americans need professional help to do their own taxes.
This enormous complexity is very unfair. It disadvantages ordinary Americans who don’t have an army of accountants while benefitting deep-pocketed special interests. And most importantly, this is wrong.  Thank you.
First and foremost, our tax system should benefit loyal, hardworking Americans and their families.  That is why tax reform must dramatically simplify the tax code, eliminate special interest loopholes — and I’m speaking against myself when I do this, I have to tell you. And I might be speaking against Mr. Cook, and we’re both okay with it, is that right? It’s crazy. We’re speaking — maybe we shouldn’t be doing this, you know? (Laughter.) But we’re doing the right thing.  True. And allow the vast majority of our citizens to file their taxes on a single, simple page without having to hire an accountant.
Second, we need a competitive tax code that creates more jobs and higher wages for Americans. It’s time to give American workers the pay raise that they’ve been looking for for many, many years.
In 1986, Ronald Reagan led the world by cutting our corporate tax rate to 34 percent. That was below the average rate for developed countries at the time. Everybody thought that was a monumental thing that happened. But then, under this pro-America system, our economy boomed. It just went beautifully — right through the roof. The middle class thrived and median family income increased.
Other countries saw the success. They looked at us. They saw — what is America doing? What’s happening with the United States? And they acted very swiftly by cutting their taxes lower, and lower, and lower, and reforming their tax systems to be far more competitive than ours.
Over the past 30 years, the average business tax rate among developed nations fell from 45 percent to less than 24 percent. And some countries have an unbelievably low tax, including, by the way, China and some others that are highly competitive, and really doing very well against us. They are taking us, frankly, to the cleaners. So we must — we have no choice — we must lower our taxes.
And your Senator, Claire McCaskill, she must do this for you. And if she doesn’t do it for you, you have to have to vote her out of office.  She’s got to make that commitment. She’s got to make that commitment. If she doesn’t do it, you just can’t do this anymore, with the obstruction and the obstructionists. If we don’t get tax cuts and reform approved, potentially, the biggest ever — we are looking for the biggest ever — jobs and our country cannot take off the way they should, and it could be much worse than that. But, at a minimum, they won’t take off the way they should.
The Dems are looking to obstruct tax cuts and tax reform, just like they obstructed so many other things, including administration appointments and healthcare. Not one vote. We got not one vote to try and fix healthcare and get rid of Obamacare.
The strategy of our economic rivals has worked. They made their taxes lower — and far lower, in many cases, than ours — and jobs left our country. Large corporations changed their business models by exporting jobs to other countries and then shipping their goods back to the United States, where they’d make massive profits, and they wouldn’t be paying tax to us either. So we lost the jobs, we lost the taxes, they closed the buildings, they closed the plants and factories. We got nothing but unemployment. We got nothing.
Other businesses — even classic American brands — switched their headquarters to foreign countries. Because of this and other reasons, like weak borders, America remains stuck in the past. Although I have to tell you, we have General Kelly here today, and we stopped 78 percent — going up to 80 percent — on the border traffic coming through, in just a short period of time.  He has done some job. A whole different world out there right now.
Today, we are still taxing our businesses at 35 percent, and it’s way more than that. And think of it: In some cases, way above 40 percent when you include state and local taxes, in various states. The United States is now behind France, behind Germany, behind Canada, Ireland, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and many other nations. Also, with these countries and almost every country, we have massive trade deficits — numbers that you would not believe.
But this administration is going to fix that. One by one, we’re fixing it. We’re working right now on NAFTA — the horrible, terrible NAFTA deal that took so much business out of your state and out of your cities and towns, and we’re working on it. Let’s see what happens.
Mexico is not happy. (Laughter.) But as I told them, you made a lot of money for a lot of years and everybody left you alone. We got to change this deal. And hopefully we can renegotiate it. But if we can’t, we’ll terminate it and we’ll start all over again with a real deal.
So when it comes to the business tax, we are dead last. Can you believe that? So this cannot be allowed to continue any longer. America must lead the way, not follow from behind.
We have gone from a tax rate that is lower than our economic competitors, to one that is more than 60 percent higher. We have totally surrendered our competitive edge to other countries. We have totally surrendered. We’re not surrendering anymore.
Ideally — and I say this for our Secretary of the Treasury — we would like to bring our business tax rate down to 15 percent, which would make our tax rate lower than most countries, but still, by no means the lowest, unfortunately, in the world. But it would make us highly competitive.
In other words, foreign companies have more than a 60 percent tax advantage over American companies. They can pay their workers more, sell their products and services at lower cost, and still make more money than their U.S. competitors.
We cannot restore our wealth if we continue to put our businesses at such a tremendous disadvantage. We must reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they keep jobs in America, create jobs in America, and compete for workers right here in America — the America we love.  Thank you. Thank you very much.
Because when businesses compete for labor, your wages will go up. Lower taxes on American business means higher wages for American workers, and it means more products made right here in the USA.
When I was growing up, I always used to see the signs, and it was always stamped on the product: Made in the USA. You don’t see it anymore. We’re going to go back to Made in the USA — Made in the USA.”
The third principle for tax reform is a crucial one: tax relief for middle-class families.  In a way — and I’ve been saying this for a long time — they’ve been sort of the forgotten people, but they’re not forgotten any longer. I can tell you that.
We will lower taxes for middle-income Americans so they can keep more of their hard-earned paychecks, and they can do lots of things with those paychecks. And that really means buying product ideally made in this country, but that means they’ll go out, and they’ll spend their money. And it will be a beautiful thing to watch. This includes helping parents afford childcare and the cost of raising a family. That’s so important to Ivanka Trump.  Very, very important to everybody in this room, but so important to my daughter. It’s one of her real big beliefs. And she’s very committed to that. Right, Ivanka?
We believe that ordinary Americans know better than Washington how to spend their own money, and we want to help them take home as much of their money as possible and then spend it.  So they’ll keep their money. They’ll spend their money. They’ll buy our product. Our factories will be moving again. Companies are going to move back into our country, jobs are going to prosper, and our country is going to be just like it says on that beautiful red hat — it says: Make America Great Again. That’s what we’re going to do.  Right?
Fourth and finally, we want to bring back trillions of dollars in wealth that’s parked overseas. Because of our high tax rate and horrible, outdated, bureaucratic rules, large companies that do business overseas will often park their profits offshore to avoid paying a high United States tax if the money is brought back home. So they leave the money over there.
The amount of money we’re talking about is anywhere from $3 trillion to $5 trillion. Can you believe that? By making it less punitive for companies to bring back this money, and by making the process far less bureaucratic and difficult, we can return trillions and trillions of dollars to our economy and spur billions of dollars in new investments in our struggling communities and throughout our nation.
It’s time to invest in our country, to rebuild our communities, and to hire our great American workers.
My administration is embracing a new economic model. It’s called very simply: The American Model. Under this system, we will encourage companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild our American cities and communities. That is how we will all succeed and grow together, as one team, with one shared sense of purpose, and one glorious American destiny.
So today I’m calling on all members of Congress — Democrat, Republican and independent — to support pro-American tax reform. They have to do it. It’s time.  They have to do it. It is time.
I’m calling on Congress to provide a level playing field for our workers and our companies, to attract new companies and businesses to our shores, and to put more money into the pockets of everyday, hardworking people and also into the pockets of our companies so they can continue to grow and expand.
What could possibly be more bipartisan than allowing families to keep more of what they earn and creating an environment for real job and wage growth in the country that we love so much?
So let’s put — or at least try to put — the partisan posturing behind us and come together as Americans to create the 21st century tax code that our people deserve.
If we do this, if we unite in the name of common sense and the name of common good, then we will add millions and millions of new jobs, bring back trillions of dollars, and we will give America the competitive advantage that it so desperately needs and has been looking for for so long. It’s time.
Products made with American hands, American labor, and American grit will once again be delivered throughout the world. It’s true.  It’s time. Instead of exporting our jobs, we will export our goods.  Our jobs will both stay here in America and come back to America. We’ll have it both ways. Millions of struggling citizens will be lifted from welfare to work. They will love getting up in the morning. They will love going to their job. They will love earning a big, fat, beautiful paycheck. They will be proud again.
That is the future I want for our people. That is the future I want for America — a nation where we are proud, prosperous, united, and free.
Today, I am asking every citizen to join me in dreaming big and bold and daring things — beautiful things — for our country. I am asking every member of Congress, of which we have many with us today, to join me in unleashing America’s full potential. I am asking everyone in this room and across the nation to join me in demanding nothing but the best for our nation and for our people.
And if we do these things, and if we care for and support each other, and love each other, then we will truly make America great again.
Thank you. God bless you.  God bless you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Governor, thank you. Thank you, Governor. Thank you, Senator. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
THE PRESIDENT:  Thank you very much.  (Applause.)  Thank you.  I would like to begin by addressing the terrorist attack in Manila.  We’re closely monitoring the situation, and I will continue to give updates if anything happens during this period of time.  But it is really very sad as to what’s going on throughout the world with terror.  Our thoughts and our prayers are with all of those affected.
Before we discuss the Paris Accord, I’d like to begin with an update on our tremendous — absolutely tremendous — economic progress since Election Day on November 8th.  The economy is starting to come back, and very, very rapidly.  We’ve added $3.3 trillion in stock market value to our economy, and more than a million private sector jobs.
I have just returned from a trip overseas where we concluded nearly $350 billion of military and economic development for the United States, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs.  It was a very, very successful trip, believe me.  (Applause.)  Thank you.  Thank you.
In my meetings at the G7, we have taken historic steps to demand fair and reciprocal trade that gives Americans a level playing field against other nations.  We’re also working very hard for peace in the Middle East, and perhaps even peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians.  Our attacks on terrorism are greatly stepped up — and you see that, you see it all over — from the previous administration, including getting many other countries to make major contributions to the fight against terror.  Big, big contributions are being made by countries that weren’t doing so much in the form of contribution.
One by one, we are keeping the promises I made to the American people during my campaign for President –- whether it’s cutting job-killing regulations; appointing and confirming a tremendous Supreme Court justice; putting in place tough new ethics rules; achieving a record reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border; or bringing jobs, plants, and factories back into the United States at numbers which no one until this point thought even possible.  And believe me, we’ve just begun.  The fruits of our labor will be seen very shortly even more so.
On these issues and so many more, we’re following through on our commitments.  And I don’t want anything to get in our way.  I am fighting every day for the great people of this country.  Therefore, in order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord — (applause) — thank you, thank you — but begin negotiations to reenter either the Paris Accord or a really entirely new transaction on terms that are fair to the United States, its businesses, its workers, its people, its taxpayers.  So we’re getting out.  But we will start to negotiate, and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair.  And if we can, that’s great.  And if we can’t, that’s fine.  (Applause.)
As President, I can put no other consideration before the wellbeing of American citizens.  The Paris Climate Accord is simply the latest example of Washington entering into an agreement that disadvantages the United States to the exclusive benefit of other countries, leaving American workers — who I love — and taxpayers to absorb the cost in terms of lost jobs, lower wages, shuttered factories, and vastly diminished economic production.
Thus, as of today, the United States will cease all implementation of the non-binding Paris Accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country.  This includes ending the implementation of the nationally determined contribution and, very importantly, the Green Climate Fund which is costing the United States a vast fortune.
Compliance with the terms of the Paris Accord and the onerous energy restrictions it has placed on the United States could cost America as much as 2.7 million lost jobs by 2025 according to the National Economic Research Associates.  This includes 440,000 fewer manufacturing jobs — not what we need — believe me, this is not what we need — including automobile jobs, and the further decimation of vital American industries on which countless communities rely.  They rely for so much, and we would be giving them so little.
According to this same study, by 2040, compliance with the commitments put into place by the previous administration would cut production for the following sectors:  paper down 12 percent; cement down 23 percent; iron and steel down 38 percent; coal — and I happen to love the coal miners — down 86 percent; natural gas down 31 percent.  The cost to the economy at this time would be close to $3 trillion in lost GDP and 6.5 million industrial jobs, while households would have $7,000 less income and, in many cases, much worse than that.
Not only does this deal subject our citizens to harsh economic restrictions, it fails to live up to our environmental ideals.  As someone who cares deeply about the environment, which I do, I cannot in good conscience support a deal that punishes the United States — which is what it does -– the world’s leader in environmental protection, while imposing no meaningful obligations on the world’s leading polluters.
For example, under the agreement, China will be able to increase these emissions by a staggering number of years — 13.  They can do whatever they want for 13 years.  Not us.  India makes its participation contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid from developed countries.  There are many other examples.  But the bottom line is that the Paris Accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the United States.
Further, while the current agreement effectively blocks the development of clean coal in America — which it does, and the mines are starting to open up.  We’re having a big opening in two weeks.  Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia, so many places.  A big opening of a brand-new mine.  It’s unheard of.  For many, many years, that hasn’t happened.  They asked me if I’d go.  I’m going to try.
China will be allowed to build hundreds of additional coal plants.  So we can’t build the plants, but they can, according to this agreement.  India will be allowed to double its coal production by 2020.  Think of it:  India can double their coal production.  We’re supposed to get rid of ours.  Even Europe is allowed to continue construction of coal plants.
In short, the agreement doesn’t eliminate coal jobs, it just transfers those jobs out of America and the United States, and ships them to foreign countries.
This agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage over the United States.  The rest of the world applauded when we signed the Paris Agreement — they went wild; they were so happy — for the simple reason that it put our country, the United States of America, which we all love, at a very, very big economic disadvantage.  A cynic would say the obvious reason for economic competitors and their wish to see us remain in the agreement is so that we continue to suffer this self-inflicted major economic wound.  We would find it very hard to compete with other countries from other parts of the world.
We have among the most abundant energy reserves on the planet, sufficient to lift millions of America’s poorest workers out of poverty.  Yet, under this agreement, we are effectively putting these reserves under lock and key, taking away the great wealth of our nation — it’s great wealth, it’s phenomenal wealth; not so long ago, we had no idea we had such wealth — and leaving millions and millions of families trapped in poverty and joblessness.
The agreement is a massive redistribution of United States wealth to other countries.  At 1 percent growth, renewable sources of energy can meet some of our domestic demand, but at 3 or 4 percent growth, which I expect, we need all forms of available American energy, or our country — (applause) — will be at grave risk of brownouts and blackouts, our businesses will come to a halt in many cases, and the American family will suffer the consequences in the form of lost jobs and a very diminished quality of life.
Even if the Paris Agreement were implemented in full, with total compliance from all nations, it is estimated it would only produce a two-tenths of one degree — think of that; this much — Celsius reduction in global temperature by the year 2100.  Tiny, tiny amount.  In fact, 14 days of carbon emissions from China alone would wipe out the gains from America — and this is an incredible statistic — would totally wipe out the gains from America’s expected reductions in the year 2030, after we have had to spend billions and billions of dollars, lost jobs, closed factories, and suffered much higher energy costs for our businesses and for our homes.
As the Wall Street Journal wrote this morning:  “The reality is that withdrawing is in America’s economic interest and won’t matter much to the climate.”  The United States, under the Trump administration, will continue to be the cleanest and most environmentally friendly country on Earth.  We’ll be the cleanest.  We’re going to have the cleanest air.  We’re going to have the cleanest water.  We will be environmentally friendly, but we’re not going to put our businesses out of work and we’re not going to lose our jobs.  We’re going to grow; we’re going to grow rapidly.  (Applause.)
And I think you just read — it just came out minutes ago, the small business report — small businesses as of just now are booming, hiring people.  One of the best reports they’ve seen in many years.
I’m willing to immediately work with Democratic leaders to either negotiate our way back into Paris, under the terms that are fair to the United States and its workers, or to negotiate a new deal that protects our country and its taxpayers.  (Applause.)
So if the obstructionists want to get together with me, let’s make them non-obstructionists.  We will all sit down, and we will get back into the deal.  And we’ll make it good, and we won’t be closing up our factories, and we won’t be losing our jobs.  And we’ll sit down with the Democrats and all of the people that represent either the Paris Accord or something that we can do that’s much better than the Paris Accord.  And I think the people of our country will be thrilled, and I think then the people of the world will be thrilled.  But until we do that, we’re out of the agreement.
I will work to ensure that America remains the world’s leader on environmental issues, but under a framework that is fair and where the burdens and responsibilities are equally shared among the many nations all around the world.
No responsible leader can put the workers — and the people — of their country at this debilitating and tremendous disadvantage.  The fact that the Paris deal hamstrings the United States, while empowering some of the world’s top polluting countries, should dispel any doubt as to the real reason why foreign lobbyists wish to keep our magnificent country tied up and bound down by this agreement:  It’s to give their country an economic edge over the United States.  That’s not going to happen while I’m President.  I’m sorry.  (Applause.)
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field and to create the economic, regulatory and tax structures that make America the most prosperous and productive country on Earth, and with the highest standard of living and the highest standard of environmental protection.
Our tax bill is moving along in Congress, and I believe it’s doing very well.  I think a lot of people will be very pleasantly surprised.  The Republicans are working very, very hard.  We’d love to have support from the Democrats, but we may have to go it alone.  But it’s going very well.
The Paris Agreement handicaps the United States economy in order to win praise from the very foreign capitals and global activists that have long sought to gain wealth at our country’s expense.  They don’t put America first.  I do, and I always will.  (Applause.)
The same nations asking us to stay in the agreement are the countries that have collectively cost America trillions of dollars through tough trade practices and, in many cases, lax contributions to our critical military alliance.  You see what’s happening.  It’s pretty obvious to those that want to keep an open mind.
At what point does America get demeaned?  At what point do they start laughing at us as a country?   We want fair treatment for its citizens, and we want fair treatment for our taxpayers.  We don’t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore.  And they won’t be.  They won’t be.
I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.  (Applause.)  I promised I would exit or renegotiate any deal which fails to serve America’s interests.  Many trade deals will soon be under renegotiation.  Very rarely do we have a deal that works for this country, but they’ll soon be under renegotiation.  The process has begun from day one.  But now we’re down to business.
Beyond the severe energy restrictions inflicted by the Paris Accord, it includes yet another scheme to redistribute wealth out of the United States through the so-called Green Climate Fund — nice name — which calls for developed countries to send $100 billion to developing countries all on top of America’s existing and massive foreign aid payments.  So we’re going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars, and we’re already way ahead of anybody else.  Many of the other countries haven’t spent anything, and many of them will never pay one dime.
The Green Fund would likely obligate the United States to commit potentially tens of billions of dollars of which the United States has already handed over $1 billion — nobody else is even close; most of them haven’t even paid anything — including funds raided out of America’s budget for the war against terrorism.  That’s where they came.  Believe me, they didn’t come from me.  They came just before I came into office.  Not good.  And not good the way they took the money.
In 2015, the United Nation’s departing top climate officials reportedly described the $100 billion per year as “peanuts,” and stated that “the $100 billion is the tail that wags the dog.”  In 2015, the Green Climate Fund’s executive director reportedly stated that estimated funding needed would increase to $450 billion per year after 2020.  And nobody even knows where the money is going to.  Nobody has been able to say, where is it going to?
Of course, the world’s top polluters have no affirmative obligations under the Green Fund, which we terminated.  America is $20 trillion in debt.  Cash-strapped cities cannot hire enough police officers or fix vital infrastructure.  Millions of our citizens are out of work.  And yet, under the Paris Accord, billions of dollars that ought to be invested right here in America will be sent to the very countries that have taken our factories and our jobs away from us.  So think of that.
There are serious legal and constitutional issues as well.  Foreign leaders in Europe, Asia, and across the world should not have more to say with respect to the U.S. economy than our own citizens and their elected representatives.  Thus, our withdrawal from the agreement represents a reassertion of America’s sovereignty.  (Applause.)  Our Constitution is unique among all the nations of the world, and it is my highest obligation and greatest honor to protect it.  And I will.
Staying in the agreement could also pose serious obstacles for the United States as we begin the process of unlocking the restrictions on America’s abundant energy reserves, which we have started very strongly.  It would once have been unthinkable that an international agreement could prevent the United States from conducting its own domestic economic affairs, but this is the new reality we face if we do not leave the agreement or if we do not negotiate a far better deal.
The risks grow as historically these agreements only tend to become more and more ambitious over time.  In other words, the Paris framework is a starting point — as bad as it is — not an end point.  And exiting the agreement protects the United States from future intrusions on the United States’ sovereignty and massive future legal liability.  Believe me, we have massive legal liability if we stay in.
As President, I have one obligation, and that obligation is to the American people.  The Paris Accord would undermine our economy, hamstring our workers, weaken our sovereignty, impose unacceptable legal risks, and put us at a permanent disadvantage to the other countries of the world.  It is time to exit the Paris Accord — (applause) — and time to pursue a new deal that protects the environment, our companies, our citizens, and our country.
It is time to put Youngstown, Ohio, Detroit, Michigan, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania — along with many, many other locations within our great country — before Paris, France.  It is time to make America great again.  (Applause.)  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.  Very important.  I’d like to ask Scott Pruitt, who most of you know and respect, as I do, just to say a few words.
THE PRESIDENT:  Thank you very much.  Thank you.  Wow.  You know, I asked how many people would be here tonight.  They said a couple of hundred.  It was just like a little fundraiser.  They didn’t say you broke — 23 years, you broke the all-time record tonight — $30.1 million.  And broke it by $10 million — that’s not so close.  So, congratulations.  We’re going to have a great eight years together.  (Applause.)
And Rasmussen just came out with a very good poll — you’ll be liking this poll.  This poll is good.  We’re going to do a good job.  More importantly, we’re going to do a great job, and then we’re going to win it the old-fashioned way — we’re just going to win it.  And I want to thank everybody.
This is a lot more than 200 people.  This is a hell of a big room.  (Laughter.)  That’s far back.  Can you see over there?  See, I would have gotten rid of these columns, actually.  (Laughter.)  That’s being a construction man.  But that was a long time ago, they didn’t do that.
Well, it’s an honor to address you tonight, and thank each and every one of you for your role in helping to build, sustain and grow a truly strong Republican Party again.
In this effort, we will be working hand-in-hand with our House leadership team — and I’ve really gotten to know them and they are winners and they are terrific people — terrific people.  (Applause.)  Speaker Paul Ryan, Leader Kevin McCarthy, Majority Whip Steve Scalise, and Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers.  What a group, great group  (Applause.)
Also with us tonight — a man who I have a lot respect for, gave me a very early endorsement — former Vice President Dick Cheney, along with his daughter, Congressman Liz Cheney.  (Applause.)  Where is he?  Thank you, Dick.  Thank you.  Thank you, Liz.
I also want to thank the Chairman of the Republican Congressional — I mean, look, what a group — Committee.  Where is Steve?  Where is he?  They lost him backstage.  Steve Stivers — where is he?  Steve, what the hell happened?  I think he left.  (Laughter.)  Everyone is looking — it’s the second time he’s been introduced.  Steve, are you there?  Oh.  Come here, Steve.  What a job you did.  Come here, Steve.  He’s embarrassed.  (Laughter.)  Come here, come on, get up here, Steve.  Come here.  (Applause.)
MR. STIVERS:   Thanks, everybody.
THE PRESIDENT:  That’s what I like.  See, that’s a real worker.  Oh, boy — no talk, all action, right?  We like people like that.  Congratulations to Steve.
And March Dinner Chairman, Steve Womack, and the NRCC Finance Chair, Ann Wagner — thank you.  Thank you, Ann.  (Applause.)
The work of the NRCC never ends.  In fact, we have four special elections currently underway in Georgia — we won — Montana — we won — Kansas — we won — and South Carolina.  We love South Carolina.  That’s some group.  Where’s South Carolina?  Oh, we love South Carolina.  Remember I was supposed to lose that one big and we won by 21 points.  And that’s when I found out these polls are rigged.  (Laughter.)  They were rigged.  Thank you, South Carolina.  I learned a lot from South Carolina.
Our nominees from Montana and Kansas are here with us this evening — Greg Gianforte and Ron Estes.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  (Applause.)  Thank you.
On November 8th, the American People voted for historic change — and they also voted for serious action.  By delivering the House, the Senate and the White House, the American people gave us clear instructions:  It’s time to get busy, get to work, and to get the job done.  (Applause.)
That legislative effort begins with Thursday’s crucial vote — and it really is a crucial vote for the Republican Party and for the people of our country — to finally repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.  It’s what it is, a disaster.  Premiums have soared double digits and even triple digits.  Insurance companies are fleeing.  One-third of counties only have one Obamacare insurer left.  I was in Tennessee four nights ago — they’ve lost half the state.  The insurance companies are gone and they’re going to lose the next one pretty soon from what they say.  And last night in Kentucky, we had a tremendous crowd — 25,000 people, more — and a similar crowd in Tennessee, by the way — packed, with thousands of people outside.  They couldn’t get them into these massive arenas — there’s something going on that’s really incredible in this country.  It’s really incredible.
But Kentucky also is having a tremendous problem, as you know and as you’ve read, with Obamacare.  And many other states.  The House bill ends the Obamacare nightmare and gives healthcare decisions back to the states — and back to the American people.
These are the conservative solutions we campaigned on, and these are the conservative solutions the American people asked us as a group to deliver.  We are keeping our promises.  I go to these arenas, and they have signs all over the place — He’s kept his promise.  He’s kept his promise.  Because I’ve done a lot of work.
The border is in the best shape it’s been in in decades.  Down 61 percent since inauguration.  (Applause.)  General Kelly — you know, they used to put political people — I refuse to say political hacks because I would not say that.  Because there is no such thing as a political hack.  But they would put nice political people at the border.  I put General Kelly — recommended by General “Mad Dog” Mattis.  (Applause.)
I said to him, General — General Mattis — I said, General, I need somebody really smart and really tough for the border.  Sir, I have the man — General Kelly.  Soon as I saw him it was like — an interview lasted for about 30 seconds — I said, he’s the right guy.  And he’s been great.  And General Mattis has been great — you see what’s going on.  Big difference.
It’s been 60 days since my inauguration, and that was a promise that I’ve really kept.
As you saw today in the Senate, I nominated a Supreme Court justice who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.  (Applause.)
I’ve taken historic action to eliminate unnecessary, job-killing regulations.  And we’ve just started on that one.  (Applause.)  But we’ve gotten rid of a lot of them.  That includes eliminating regulations crushing our coal industry.  We’re going to put our great coal miners back to work.  Clean coal.  Clean coal.  (Applause.)
I’ve cleared the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines — and added a requirement that American pipelines be constructed with American steel.  That was the last minute.  I said, where are we getting the steel?  I won’t tell you where, but you can guess.  I said, from now on we have to go — we have to build them here.  You want to put pipelines under our land you’re going to make the pipe in this country.  (Applause.)
And one other thing happened.  I have to tell you, it’s sort of interesting.  So I get a call from the ex-president of Goldman Sachs who now works for — Gary Cohn.  I said to him, Gary, let me ask you — I heard there was a lawsuit.  I hear the pipeline company is suing us.  I said, how much?  $14 billion.  I said, wait a minute.  I’m approving the pipeline and they’re suing us for $14 billion, and I’ve already approved it, right?  I said, I just heard it.  Go back to them and tell them if they don’t drop the suit immediately we are going to terminate the deal  You have great — you know, being President gives you great power, right?  (Laughter.)  So I just saw him this morning — I said, by the way, how did you do?  He said, sir, they dropped the suit.  Good.  (Applause.)
Isn’t that easier — look, if I’m — do you think Hillary does that?  I don’t think so.  I don’t think so.  Isn’t that easier, though, than settling for like $4 billion seven years from now?  Oh, but the lawyers aren’t happy at all.  They don’t like it.  You got a lot of lawyers in this crowd — they’re not happy about that deal.
Because of the new business climate that we’re creating, jobs are already starting to pour back in — companies like Sprint, Intel, Exxon-Mobile — where a great man, Rex Tillerson, is doing an incredible job — (applause) — ran that company for many years and ran it well.  Walmart, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler and General Motors have all announced that they’re keeping or adding tens of thousands of jobs right here in America.  A big difference.  We used to hear they’re all leaving.  Now they’re all coming back.  They’re coming back, too, believe me.  If they don’t, we’re taxing the hell out of their products, so you know they’re coming back.  (Applause.)
Why didn’t somebody start doing that 25 years ago?  One company said, sir, we’re building a big plant — there’s nothing we can do to stop it.  It’s already under construction.  I said, here’s the story — when you make your cars, or whatever, and you fire all our American employees, and then you think in your new plant — beautiful new plant, congratulations — you’re going to sell that product our border, tax-free, you’re wrong — 35 percent tax.  It’s amazing how quickly they say, you know, I think we’ve decided to stay in the United States.
I only wonder, why didn’t somebody do this like 25 years ago?  You would have had nobody leaving.  So far, I think I’m batting about 100 percent.
To save taxpayer dollars, I’ve already begun negotiating better contracts for the federal government — saving over $700 million on just one set of airplanes of which there are many sets.
As I promised during the campaign, I have proposed a budget that eliminates the defense sequester and fully rebuilds the United States military.  We need it more than ever.  (Applause.)  We need it more than ever.  We’ve got a lot of haters out there — they hate.  We got some people running some countries that are bad people.  We will take care of it.   We will ensure that the America warrior — and if you think about it, the great American warriors — because that’s what they are — are given the tools, the funding, the resources, the training and equipment they so richly deserve.  They are warriors, and they have old equipment.  They’re not going to have old equipment much longer.
And we will take care of our great veterans.  What’s happening there is going to be incredible.  Finally, we’re going to take care of our veterans.  (Applause.)  Our defense expansion will fully pay — and this will be something that is so important — it will be fully paid by making government leaner, more accountable and just perfect for our people.  But I will tell you, if it’s not fully paid — because we’re doing a big number, with the planes and the ships — our Navy is at World War I levels.  Can you believe that?  World War I levels.  So if we don’t fully pay, we’re going to do a little work, but we’re going to get our military rebuilt — bigger and better and stronger than ever — because we have no choice, folks.  There’s some bad players out there.  (Applause.)  And it’s going to go quickly.
I have also followed through on my promise to secure, protect and defend the borders of the United States — and, yes, we will build a great border wall at our Southern border.  (Applause.)  It will be built.  These security actions will save billions of dollars, millions of jobs, and thousands and thousands of lives.  We’re also taking decisive action to improve our vetting procedures.  The courts are not helping us, I have to be honest with you.  Ridiculous.  Somebody said I should not criticize judges.  Okay, I’ll criticize judges.  (Laughter.)  To keep criminals and terrorists the hell out of our country.
We are keeping these promises, and many, many more.  After we repeal and replace Obamacare, our Republican majority will pass massive, historic tax reform — the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan, and potentially even bigger.  It’s going to be very big.  (Applause.)  And by the way, we had to go — had no choice — had to go with the healthcare first.  You know how it works.  This is one room that really does know how it works.  But we had to go with the healthcare first.  And we’re doing well.  I think we’re going to have some great surprises.  I hope that it’s going to all work out.
Then we immediately start on the tax cuts, and they’re going to be really fantastic, and I am looking forward to that one.  That one is going to be fun.  That one is going to be fun.  That’s called the wheelhouse.  We’re going to do a great job for companies.  We’re going to bring back — could be $3 to $5 trillion from overseas, money that can’t be brought back as part of our taxes.  (Applause.)
And it will lower the business tax rate from one of the highest in the world to one of the most competitive anywhere in the world.  Way, way down.  (Applause.)  We will do everything we can to lower business burdens and to make it easier for our businesses to thrive and compete.  But in exchange, they must hire, invest and grow in America.  We’re not giving them anything — okay?  They got to do that.  That’s the one thing.
We’re working with the automobile industry who have been played around with.  And I’m saying, we’ll do things for you, but you got to build new plants all over the place.  You got to build new plants in our country.  And they’re doing it, they’re starting.  It’s going to be amazing.
I have called this model, the model that you’ve been watching, the model that’s created so much value, the model of bringing back jobs and bringing back industry — I called it the American Model.  And this is the system that our Founders wanted.  Our greatest American leaders — including George Washington, Hamilton, Jackson, Lincoln — they all agreed that for America to be a strong nation it must also be a great manufacturing nation.  Have to make money.
The Republican platform of 1896 — more than a century ago — stated that: “Protection and reciprocity are twin measures of American policy and go hand in hand.” I mean, we have situations where other countries who have zero respect for our country — by the way, do you notice they’re starting to respect us a lot?  A lot.  A lot.  They’ll charge us 100 percent tax on some — 100 percent.  And we charge them nothing.  They’ll make it impossible through regulations for our product to be sold in their country, and yet they’ll sell their product routinely in our country.  Not going to happen anymore.  The word, “reciprocity” — they do it, we do it.  Who can complain about that?  Big difference.  You’re talking about big, big dollars, too, by the way.
The platform went on to say:  “We renew and emphasize our allegiance to the policy of protection, as the bulwark of American industrial independence and the foundation of American development and prosperity.”
Now, these were some of our greatest leaders, some of whom were great businesspeople.  They understood we have to do it.  And just so you understand, I’m a free trader, but free trade has been very unfair trade.  So I now say I’m a fair trader.  And I want to trade all over the world.  I don’t want to have it just here.  But we’re going to be beneficiaries from now on.  We’re not going to be the people that are taken advantage of any longer.  That’s been happening for decades and decades — not going to happen any longer.  (Applause.)  And they know it.
One country came in to see me recently — big country, good country, great person.  One of his first questions, sir, how much will you be charging us?  It’s like he knew.  He knew.  (Laughter.)  He knew.  They’ve been ripping us for years and he finally saw somebody that understands — so it’s one of those — (laughter.)  You don’t mind having a rich nation again and having lower taxes, do you?  Does anybody here mind?  Anybody mind, please stand up.  I know Dick Cheney will not stand on this one.  Please stand up.
As long as the GOP stands for “Made in the USA,” — remember in the old days, cars all said, “Made in the USA,” right?  We don’t have that too much anymore.  We’re going to have it again soon.  I’m telling all the car companies, put a big label, “Made in the USA” — it’s going to stand for quality.   Our party will have a very, very bright future.
It is fitting that we are in the National Building Museum.
Since its founding, the Republican Party has been a party of builders.  Many of the great builders are in this audience tonight.  Some of them I have to compete with and I really — actually, I don’t like very many of them.  (Laughter.)  Some of them I do.  Some of them I truly dislike a lot.  (Laughter.)
But now I like everybody.  I like all the great builders.  See, now it’s different.  (Laughter.)  Now we’re all on the same side, so I like — see the guy over there?  I couldn’t stand that guy for years.  He did a good job, but I couldn’t stand him.  Now I like you.  (Laughter.)
Our first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, ran his first campaign for public office in 1832 — when he was only 23 years old.  He began by imagining the benefits a railroad could bring to his port [part] of Illinois — without ever having seen a steam-powered train.  He had no idea, and yet he knew what it could be.  Thirty years later, as President, Lincoln signed the law that built the first Transcontinental Railroad, uniting our country from ocean to ocean.  Great President.  Most people don’t even know he was a Republican, right?  Does anyone know?  Lot of people don’t know that.  We have to build that up a little bit more.  Let’s take an ad — let’s use one of those PACs.  (Laughter.)
Those PACs, you never know what the hell is going to come out of those PACs.  (Laughter.)  You think they’re friendly — although the best ad I ever had was one done against me by Hillary — it was so good, I said I hope she keeps running that ad.  (Laughter.)
Another great Republican President, Dwight Eisenhower, had a vision of a national infrastructure plan.  As an officer in the Army after World War I, he joined a military convoy that trekked across the nation to the Pacific Coast.  It traveled along the Lincoln Highway — called then the Lincoln Highway.  Its journey began by the South Lawn of the White House, at a monument known today as Zero Milestone.  Anybody know where that is?  The journey made a great impression on then young Eisenhower.  More than three decades later, as President, he signed the bill that created our great Interstate Highway System — once again uniting us as a nation.
Now is time for a new Republican administration, working with our Republican Congress, to pass the next great infrastructure bill.  (Applause.)   Our party must dream as big and as bold as Lincoln and Eisenhower.  Together, Republicans will lead America into our unbelievable future.  We have so much potential.  We have so much potential.  I see it now even more than I saw it in this great campaign — which turned out to be a movement, a movement like the world has never seen before, actually.
You know, it’s funny, I’ve said that so often, they don’t even correct me — the fake media.  They never correct me, because it’s true.  Oh, believe me, if it’s off by 100th of a percent, it’s like I end up getting Pinocchio’s, right?  They don’t even correct me.  One of the great movements of all time.  And it’s not my movement.  It’s a movement of the people.  It’s been something that’s really been very special.  I’m like a messenger.  I’m nothing more than a messenger.  (Applause.)  I’m a messenger.  I did a good job as a messenger, but I’m a messenger.  It’s been a lot of fun, too.
Imagine the breakthroughs that will breathe fresh life into forgotten places.  Picture the new roads that will carve pathways all across our land — and we need them.  And think of the new inventions that will lift up the sights of our nation.
Finally, as we imagine this new prosperity at home, let us also work to achieve real and enduring peace abroad.  (Applause.)  People don’t realize, I have to say, what a mess we inherited.  I’m telling you, you look at North Korea.  You look at the Middle East.  You look all over.  You look at the horrible, horrible, horrible Iran deal.  I still have not been able to figure out why anybody would have signed that deal.  I asked generals — I have them in my office — I say, General, please tell me why did they sign that deal.  Unbelievable.  But we’re going to straighten things out, folks.
The best Republican Presidents have not only been warfighters, but also peacemakers.  We will never hesitate to do what we must to keep us safe today, but we will always seek a more peaceful tomorrow.  We will, and we will succeed.  (Applause.)
If we stand for these things — safety, prosperity and peace — then there is no limit to what we can achieve:  A future where millions are lifted from welfare to work.  And they’re going to love it.  They’re going to love it.  They’re going to love waking up in the morning, going to work.  Communities thriving with jobs and surging with commerce.  Inner cities filled with new hope and new opportunity.  Schools where our children can learn free from violence and free from fear.  And new frontiers in science, technology and space that inspire the next generation of American youth.
All of this, and so much more, is possible.  Our country is great.  A new national pride is stirring our souls.  A new optimism is sweeping our land.  A new era of American greatness is just beginning.
Somewhere in America tonight, a child is born in poverty, looking up into the sky, and filling their heart with dreams — big, beautiful, bold dreams.  And if we make the right choices together, then no one will ever have to tell that child that their dreams will have to wait for another day, another year, or another decade.  Because the waiting now is over.  The time for action is now.  This is the moment when great deeds are done — and we will do those great deeds.  By putting our faith in the people, and by putting our trust in God, we will rise to this occasion like no one has ever risen before.  (Applause.)
Thank you so much.  Thank you.  Great people, great country.  Thank you so much.
We will prove worthy of this moment.  Anything is possible if we stand together, united and strong.  Not just as Republicans — but as great and unified Americans.  Join me in believing in this better and brighter future.  Join me in building this reality.  And join me in rededicating ourselves to the common good of this nation that we all love so much.  Together, we will defend our freedoms.  We will defend our people.  And we will defend our great and beautiful American flag.  (Applause.)
Thank you.  God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.  Thank you very much.  (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT:  Thank you very much, everybody.  Thank you.  (Applause.)  So we’re just going to let the other folks come in, fill it up.  This is some crowd.  You have to see what’s outside, you wouldn’t even believe it.  (Applause.)  Unbelievable.
So I’m thrilled to be here in Nashville, Tennessee, the home — (applause) — of country music, Southern hospitality, and the great President Andrew Jackson.  (Applause.)  I just came from a tour of Andrew Jackson’s home to mark the 250th anniversary of his birth.  Jackson’s life was devoted to one very crucial principle — he understood that real leadership means putting America first.  (Applause.)
Before becoming President, Andrew Jackson served your state from the House of Representatives and in the United States Senate, and he also served as commander of the Tennessee militia.  Tough cookie.  Tough cookie.  (Applause.)
So let’s begin tonight by thanking all of the incredible men and women of the United States military and all of our wonderful veterans.  The veterans.  (Applause.)
AUDIENCE:  USA!  USA!  USA!
THE PRESIDENT:  Amazing.  There’s no place I’d rather be than with all of you here tonight, with the wonderful, hardworking citizens of our country.  (Applause.)  I would much rather spend time with you than any of the pundits, consultants, or special interests, certainly — or reporters from Washington, D.C.  (Applause.)
It’s patriotic Americans like you who make this country run, and run well.  You pay your taxes, follow our laws, support your communities, raise your children, love your country, and send your bravest to fight in our wars.  (Applause.)  All you want is a government that shows you the same loyalty in return.  It’s time that Washington heard your voice — and believe me, on November 8th, they heard your voice.  (Applause.)  The forgotten men and women of our country will never be forgotten again, believe me.  (Applause.)
I want to thank so many of your state leaders — State Party Chairman Scott Golden; Congressman Scott DesJarlais; Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn; Congresswoman Diane Black; Congressman Jimmy Duncan — right from the beginning.  (Applause.)  Governor Bill Haslam.  (Applause.)  A great friend of mine, Senator Bob Corker.  (Applause.)  An incredible guy, respected by all — Senator Lamar Alexander.  (Applause.)  And so many more.  Thank you all for being here.
We’re going to be working closely together to deliver for you, the citizens of Tennessee, like you’ve never been delivered for before.  Thank you.  Thank you.  (Applause.)  Thank you.  We’re going to reduce your taxes — big league.  Big.  (Applause.)  Big.  I want to start that process so quickly.  Got to get the healthcare done.  We got to start the tax reductions.  (Applause.)
We are going to enforce our trade rules and bring back our jobs, which are scattered all over the world.  They’re coming back to our country.  (Applause.)  We’re going to support the amazing — absolutely amazing men and women of law enforcement.  (Applause.)  Protect your freedoms, and defend the Second Amendment.  (Applause.)  And we are going to restore respect for our country and for its great and very beautiful flag.  (Applause.)
It’s been a little over 50 days since my inauguration, and we’ve been putting our America First agenda very much into action.  You see what’s happening.  We’re keeping our promises.  In fact, they have signs — “He’s Kept His Promise.”  They’re all over the place.  I have.  (Applause.)  We have done far more — I think maybe more than anybody’s done in this office in 50 days, that I could tell you.  (Applause.)
And we have just gotten started.  Wait until you see what’s coming, folks.  We’ve appointed a Supreme Court justice to replace the late, great Antonin Scalia.  His name is Judge Neil Gorsuch.  (Applause.)  He will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.  We are proposing a budget that will shrink the bloated federal bureaucracy — and I mean bloated — while protecting our national security.  You see what we’re doing with our military — bigger, better, stronger than ever before.  You see what’s happening.  (Applause.)  And you’re already seeing the results.  Our budget calls for one of the single largest increases in defense spending history in this country.  (Applause.)
We believe — especially the people in Tennessee, I know you people so well — (applause) — in peace through strength.  That’s what we’re going to have.  And we are taking steps to make sure that our allies pay their fair share.  They have to pay.  (Applause.)  We’ve begun a dramatic effort to eliminate job-killing federal regulations like nobody has ever seen before — slash, slash.  We’re going to protect the environment, we’re going to protect people’s safeties, but, let me tell you, the regulation business has become a terrible business, and we’re going to bring it down to where it should be.  (Applause.)
AUDIENCE:  USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT:  Okay, let’s go.  One person — and they’ll be the story tomorrow — did you hear there was a protestor?  (Applause.)
We’re going to put our miners back to work.  We’re going to put our auto industry back to work.  Already because of this new business climate, we are creating jobs that are starting to pour back into our country like we haven’t seen in many, many decades.  (Applause.)
In the first two job reports since I took the oath of office, we’ve already added nearly half a million new jobs, and believe me, it’s just beginning.  (Applause.)  I’ve already authorized the construction of the long-stalled and delayed Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines.  (Applause.)  A lot of jobs.
I’ve also directed that new pipelines must be constructed with American steel.  (Applause.)  They want to build them here, they use our steel.  We believe in two simple rules:  Buy American and Hire American.  (Applause.)
On trade, I’ve kept my promise to the American people, and withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership disaster. (Applause.)  Tennessee has lost one third of its manufacturing jobs since the institution of NAFTA, one of the worst trade deals ever in history.  Our nation has lost over 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization — 60,000.  Think of that.  More than that.
We’re not going to let it happen anymore.  From now on, we are going to defend the American worker and our great American companies.  (Applause.)  And if America does what it says, and if your President does what I’ve been telling you, there is nobody anywhere in the world that can even come close to us, folks.  Not even close.  (Applause.)
If a company wants to leave America, fire their workers, and then ship their new products back into our country, there will be consequences.  (Applause.)  That’s what we have borders for.  And by the way, aren’t our borders getting extremely strong?  (Applause.)  Very strong.
AUDIENCE:  USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT:  Don’t even think about it.  We will build the wall.  Don’t even think about it.  (Applause.)  In fact, as you probably read, we went out to bid.  We had hundreds of bidders.  Everybody wants to build our wall.  (Applause.)  Usually, that means we’re going to get a good price.  We’re going to get a good price, believe me.  (Applause.)  We’re going to build the wall.
Some of the fake news said, I don’t think Donald Trump wants to build the wall.  Can you imagine if I said we’re not going to build a wall?  Fake news.  Fake, fake news.  Fake news, folks.  A lot of fake.
No, the wall is way ahead of schedule in terms of where we are.  It’s under design, and you’re going to see some very good things happening.  But the border by itself right now is doing very well.  It’s becoming very strong.  General Kelly has done a great job — General Kelly.
My administration is also following through on our promise to secure, protect, and defend that border within our United States.  Our southern border will be protected always.  It will have the wall.  Drugs will stop pouring in and poisoning our youth, and that will happen very, very soon.  You’re already seeing what’s going on.  The drugs are pouring into our country, folks.  They are poisoning our youth and plenty of others, and we’re going to stop it.  We’re not going to playing games.  Not going to be playing games.  (Applause.)  Following my executive action — and don’t forget, we’ve only been here for like — what? — 50 days — we’ve already experienced an unprecedented 40-percent reduction in illegal immigration on our Southern border; 61 percent since Inauguration Day — 61 percent.  Think about it.
And now people are saying, we’re not going to go there anymore because we can’t get in.  So it’s going to get better and better.  We got to stop those drugs, though.  We got to stop those drugs.
During the campaign, as I traveled all across this country, I met with many American families whose loved ones were viciously and violently killed by illegal immigrants because our government refused to enforce our already existing laws.  These American victims were ignored by the media.  They were ignored by Washington.  But they were not ignored by me, and they’re not ignored by you, and they never will be ignored certainly any longer.  Not going to happen.  (Applause.)
As we speak, we are finding the drug dealers, the robbers, thieves, gang members, killers and criminals preying on our citizens.  One by one — you’re reading about it, right?  They’re being thrown out of our country.  They’re being thrown into prisons.  And we will not let them back in.  (Applause.)
We’re also working, night and day, to keep our nation safe from terrorism.  (Applause.)  We have seen the devastation from 9/11 to Boston to San Bernardino — hundreds upon hundreds of people from outside our country have been convicted of terrorism-related offenses in the United States courts.  Right now we have investigations going on all over — hundreds of refugees are under federal investigation for terrorism and related reasons.  We have entire regions of the world destabilized by terrorism and ISIS.  For this reason, I issued an executive order to temporarily suspend immigration from places where it cannot safely occur.  (Applause.)
But let me give you the bad news.  We don’t like bad news, right?  I don’t want to hear — and I’ll turn it into good.  But let me give you the bad, the sad news.  Moments ago, I learned that a district judge in Hawaii — part of the much overturned 9th Circuit Court — and I have to be nice; otherwise I’ll get criticized for speaking poorly about our courts.  I’ll be criticized by these people, among the most dishonest people in the world — I will be criticized — I’ll be criticized by them for speaking harshly about our courts.  I would never want to do that.  A judge has just blocked our executive order on travel and refugees coming into our country from certain countries.
AUDIENCE:  Booo —
THE PRESIDENT:  The order he blocked was a watered-version of the first order that was also blocked by another judge and should have never been blocked to start with.  This new order was tailored to the dictates of the 9th Circuit’s — in my opinion — flawed ruling.  This is, the opinion of many, an unprecedented judicial overreach.  The law and the Constitution give the President the power to suspend immigration when he deems — or she — or she.  Fortunately, it will not be Hillary she.  (Applause.)  When he or she deems it to be in the national interest of our country.
So we have a lot of lawyers here.  We also have a lot of smart people here.  Let me read to you directly from the federal statute, 212F, of the immigration — and you know what I’m talking about, right?  Can I read this to you?  Listen to this.  Now, we’re all smart people.  We’re all good students — some are bad students, but even if you’re a bad student this is a real easy one, let me tell you.  Ready?
So here’s the statute — which they don’t even want to quote when they overrule it.  And it was put here for the security of our country.  And this goes beyond me, because there will be other Presidents, and we need this.  And sometimes we need it very badly for security — security of our country.
It says — now, listen how easy this is.  “Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or any class of aliens would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may, by proclamation, and for such period as he — see, it wasn’t politically correct, because it should say he or she.  You know, today they’d say that.  Actually, that’s the only mistake they made.  “as he shall deem necessary, suspending entry of all aliens, or any class of aliens, as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or pose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deems to be appropriate.”  In other words, if he thinks there’s danger out there, he or she — whoever is President — can say, I’m sorry, folks, not now, please.  We’ve got enough problems.  (Applause.)
We’re talking about the safety of our nation, the safety and security of our people.  (Applause.)  Now, I know you people aren’t skeptical people because nobody would be that way in Tennessee.  Right?  Nobody — not Tennessee.  You don’t think this was done by a judge for political reasons, do you?  No.
AUDIENCE:  Booo —
THE PRESIDENT:  This ruling makes us look weak — which, by the way, we no longer are, believe me.  (Applause.)  Just look at our borders.  We’re going to fight this terrible ruling.  We’re going to take our case as far as it needs to go, including all the way up to the Supreme Court.  (Applause.)  We’re going to win.  We’re going to keep our citizens safe.  And regardless, we’re going to keep our citizens safe, believe me.  (Applause.)  Even liberal Democratic lawyer, Alan Dershowitz —- good lawyer — just said that we would win this case before the Supreme Court of the United States.  (Applause.)
Remember this, I wasn’t thrilled, but the lawyers all said, let’s tailor it.  This is a watered–down version of the first one.  This is a watered–down version.  And let me tell you something, I think we ought to go back to the first one and go all the way, which is what I wanted to do in the first one.  (Applause.)
The danger is clear, the law is clear, the need for my executive order is clear.  I was elected to change our broken and dangerous system and thinking in government that has weakened and endangered our country and left our people defenseless.  (Applause.)  And I will not stop fighting for the safety of you and your families, believe me.  Not today, not ever.  We’re going to win it.  We’re going to win it.  (Applause.)
We’re going to apply common sense.  We’re going to apply intelligence.  And we’re never quitting, and we’re never going away, and we’re never, ever giving up.  The best way to keep foreign terrorists — or, as some people would say in certain instances, radical Islamic terrorists — from attacking our country is to stop them from entering our country in the first place.  (Applause.)
We’ll take it, but these are the problems we have.  People are screaming, break up the 9th Circuit.  And I’ll tell you what, that 9th Circuit — you have to see.  Take a look at how many times they have been overturned with their terrible decisions.  Take a look.  And this is what we have to live with.
Finally, I want to get to taxes.  I want to cut the hell out of taxes, but — (applause) — but before I can do that — I would have loved to have put it first, I’ll be honest — there is one more very important thing that we have to do, and we are going to repeal and replace horrible, disastrous Obamacare.  (Applause.)
If we leave Obamacare in place, millions and millions of people will be forced off their plans, and your senators just told me that in your state you’re down to practically no insurers.  You’re going to have nobody.  You’re going to have nobody.  And this is true all over.  The insurers are fleeing.  The insurers are fleeing.  It’s a catastrophic situation, and there’s nothing to compare anything to because Obamacare won’t be around for a year or two.  It’s gone.  So it’s not like, oh, gee, they have this.  Obamacare is gone.
Premiums will continue to soar double digits and even triple digits in many cases.  It will drain our budget and destroy our jobs.  Remember all of the broken promises?  You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan.  Remember the wise guy — remember the wise guy that essentially said the American people — the so–called architect — the American people are stupid because they approved it?  We’re going to show them.
Those in Congress who made these promises have no credibility whatsoever on healthcare.   (Applause.)  And remember this — remember this:  If we took, because there’s such divisiveness — and I’m not just talking now, with me.  There was with Obama.  There was with Bush.  The level of hatred and divisiveness with the politicians.  I remember years ago, I’d go to Washington — I* was always very politically active — and Republicans and Democrats, they’d fight during the day and they go to dinner at night.  Today, there’s a level that nobody has seen before.
Just remember this:  If we submitted the Democrats’ plan, drawn everything perfect for the Democrats, we wouldn’t get one vote from the Democrats.  That’s the way it is.  That’s how much divisiveness and other things there are.  So it’s a problem.  But we’re going to get it by.
So, I’ve met with so many victims of Obamacare —- the people who have been so horribly hurt by this horrible legislation.  At the very core of Obamacare was a fatal flaw — the government forcing people to buy a government–approved product.  There are very few people — very few people.
AUDIENCE MEMBER:  Booo —
THE PRESIDENT:  By the way — watch what happens.  Now you just booed Obamacare.  They will say, Trump got booed when he mentioned — they’re bad people, folks.  They’re bad people.
AUDIENCE:  Booo —
THE PRESIDENT:  Tonight, I’ll go home, I’ll turn on, I’ll say — listen, I’ll turn on that television.  My wife will say, darling, it’s too bad you got booed.  I said, I didn’t get booed.  This was a — I said, no, no, they were booing Obamacare.  Watch, a couple of them will actually do it, almost guaranteed.  But when we call them out, it makes it harder for them to do it.  So we’ll see.  It’s the fake, fake media.  We want Americans to be able to purchase the health insurance plans they want, not the plans forced on them by our government.  (Applause.)
The House has put forward a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare based on the principles I outlined in my joint address, but let me tell you, we’re going to arbitrate, we’re going to all get together and we’re going to get something done.  Remember this — if we didn’t do it the way we’re doing it, we need 60 votes so we have to get the Democrats involved.  They won’t vote, no matter what we do, they’re not going to vote.  So we’re doing it a different way, a complex way.  It’s fine.  The end result is when you have phase one, phase two, phase three — it’s going to be great.  It’s going to be great.
And then, we get on to tax reductions, which I like.  (Applause.)  The House legislation does so much for you.  It gives the states Medicaid flexibility.  And some of the states will take over their healthcare.  Governor Rick Scott in Florida said, just send me the money — they run a great plan.  We have states that are doing great.  It gives great flexibility.
Thank you, folks.  Thank you.  (Applause.)  It repeals hundreds of billions of dollars in Obamacare taxes.  It provides tax credits to purchase the care that is rightfully theirs.  The bill that I will ultimately sign — and that will be a bill where everybody is going to get into the room and we’re going to get it done — we’ll get rid of Obamacare and make healthcare better for you and for your family.  (Applause.)
And once this is done, and a step further, we are going to try and put it in phase three — I’m going to work on bringing down the cost of medicine by having a fair and competitive bidding process.  (Applause.)
We welcome this healthcare debate and its negotiation, and we’re going to carry it out, and have been carrying it out, in the full light of day — unlike the way Obamacare was passed.  Remember, folks, if we don’t do anything, Obamacare is gone.  It’s not like, oh, gee, it’s going to be wonderful in three years.  It’s gone.  It’s gone.  It’s gone.  Not working.  It’s gone.  What we cannot do is to be intimidated by the dishonest attacks from Democratic leaders in Congress who broke the system in the first place and who don’t believe you should be able to make your own healthcare decisions.  (Applause.)
I am very confident that if we empower the American people we will accomplish incredible things for our country — not just on healthcare, but all across our government.  We will unlock new frontiers in science and in medicine.  We will give our children the right to attend the school of their choice, one where they will be taught to love this country and its values.  (Applause.)  We will create millions and millions of new jobs by lowering taxes on our businesses, and very importantly for our workers, we’re going to lower taxes.  (Applause.)
And we will fight for the right of every American child to grow up in a safe neighborhood, attend a great school, and to graduate with access to a high-paying job that they love doing.  (Applause.)
No matter our background, no matter our income, no matter our geography, we all share the same home.  We all salute the same flag.  And we all are made by the same God.  (Applause.)
AUDIENCE:  USA!  USA!  USA!
THE PRESIDENT:  It’s time to embrace our glorious American destiny.  Anything we can dream for our country we can achieve for our country.  All we have to do is tap into that American pride that is swelling our hearts and stirring our souls.  And we found that out very recently in our last election — a lot of pride.  (Applause.)  We are all Americans, and the future truly belongs to us.  The future belongs to all of you.  This is your moment.  This is your time.  This is the hour when history is made.  All we have to do is put our own citizens first, and together we will make America strong again.  (Applause.)  We will make America wealthy again.  We will make America proud again.  We will make America safe again.  And we will make America great again.  (Applause.)
Thank you.  God bless you.  Thank you.  (Applause.)  God bless you, everybody.  (Applause.)